Very good news to receive the warm and productive statement from North Korea We will soon see where it will lead… 
Democrats are so obviously rooting against us in our negotiations with North Korea Just like they are coming to th… 
“Everyone knows there was a Spy and in fact the people who were involved in the Spying are admitting that there wa… 
Can anyone even imagine having Spies placed in a competing campaign by the people and party in absolute power for… 
The Democrats are now alluding to the the concept that having an Informant placed in an opposing party’s campaign i… 
I will be making the Commencment Address today at the United States Naval Academy in Annapolis Maryland Look forw… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Not surprisingly the GREAT Men &amp Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey McCabe and all of the poli…
RT @Scavino45: Last week after visiting FLOTUS Melania POTUS Trump went to visit wounded HEROES at Walter Reed Medical Center He told the…
RT @Scavino45: Today President Trump issued an Executive Grant of Clemency (Full Pardon) posthumously to John Arthur “Jack” Johnson the f…
RT @Scavino45: cc: @POTUS @realDonaldTrump 
RT @Scavino45: Today @POTUS @realDonaldTrump welcomed 106-year-old Pearl Harbor veteran Ray Chavez of Poway California to the @WhiteHouse…
Today it was my great honor to present the MedalOfHonor to @USNavy (SEAL) Master Chief Special Warfare Operator B… 
Today it was my honor to sign S2155 the "Economic Growth Regulatory Relief and Consumer Protection Act” Read… 
I have decided to terminate the planned Summit in Singapore on June 12th While many things can happen and a great… 
It was my great honor to host a roundtable re: MS-13 yesterday in Bethpage New York Democrats must abandon their… 
Sadly I was forced to cancel the Summit Meeting in Singapore with Kim Jong Un 
Not surprisingly the GREAT Men &amp Women of the FBI are starting to speak out against Comey McCabe and all of the p… 
Clapper has now admitted that there was Spying in my campaign Large dollars were paid to the Spy far beyond norma… 
Will be interviewed on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning at 6:00 AM Enjoy!
Great to be in New York for the day Heading back to the @WhiteHouse now lots of work to be done! 
Thank you to all of the incredible law enforcement officers and firefighters in Bethpage New York Keep up the gre… 
Crippling loopholes in our laws have enabled MS-13 gang members and other criminals to infiltrate our communities -… 
Today on Long Island we were all moved to be joined by families who have suffered unthinkable heartbreak at the ha… 
Thank you @SBAList! SBAGala 
WITCH HUNT!
There will be big news coming soon for our great American Autoworkers After many decades of losing your jobs to ot… 
Big legislation will be signed by me shortly After many years RIGHT TO TRY and big changes to DODD FRANK
Our Trade Deal with China is moving along nicely but in the end we will probably have to use a different structure… 
“Trump should be happy that the FBI was SPYING on his campaign” No James Clapper I am not happy Spying on a camp… 
Everybody is with Tomi Lahren a truly outstanding and respected young woman! @foxandfriends
SPYGATE could be one of the biggest political scandals in history!
“It’s clear that they had eyes and ears all over the Trump Campaign” Judge Andrew Napolitano
Look how things have turned around on the Criminal Deep State They go after Phony Collusion with Russia a made up… 
@foxandfriends  “New Bombshell in the Obama Spying Scandal Did other Agencies SPY on Trump Campaign?” Even Clapper… 
Follow the money! The spy was there early in the campaign and yet never reported Collusion with Russia because… 
If the person placed very early into my campaign wasn’t a SPY put there by the previous Administration for politica… 
For the first time since Roe v Wade America has a Pro-Life President a Pro-Life Vice President a Pro-Life House… 
It was my honor to welcome @NASCAR Cup Series Champion @MartinTruexJr and his team to the @WhiteHouse yesterday! 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Moon Jae-in of the Republic of Korea to the @WhiteHouse!🇺🇸🇰🇷 
@AsaHutchinson the great Governor of Arkansas is in a primary tomorrow He has done an incredible job with a foc… 
Under our potential deal with China they will purchase from our Great American Farmers practically as much as our Farmers can produce
The Wall Street Journal asks “WHERE IN THE WORLD WAS BARACK OBAMA?”  A very good question!
they then used to start an investigation about Trump It is that simple This guy is the genesis of this whole D… 
top of the FBI Brennan started this entire debacle about President Trump We now know that Brennan had detaile… 
“John Brennan is panicking He has disgraced himself he has disgraced the Country he has disgraced the entire Int… 
China must continue to be strong &amp tight on the Border of North Korea until a deal is made The word is that recent… 
On China Barriers and Tariffs to come down for first time
China has agreed to buy massive amounts of ADDITIONAL Farm/Agricultural Products - would be one of the best things… 
I ask Senator Chuck Schumer why didn’t President Obama &amp the Democrats do something about Trade with China includ… 
I hereby demand and will do so officially tomorrow that the Department of Justice look into whether or not the FB… 
RT @EricTrump: It is emotional day being back at @StJude in celebration of our dear friend Colin! He was a beautiful child who we will all…
The Witch Hunt finds no Collusion with Russia - so now they’re looking at the rest of the World Oh’ great!
and why hasn’t the Podesta brother been charged and arrested like others after being forced to close down his… 
What ever happened to the Server at the center of so much Corruption that the Democratic National Committee REFUS… 
Now that the Witch Hunt has given up on Russia and is looking at the rest of the World they should easily be able… 
in the Hillary Clinton Campaign where she deleted 33000 Emails got $145000000 while Secretary of State paid… 
At what point does this soon to be $20000000 Witch Hunt composed of 13 Angry and Heavily Conflicted Democrat… 
Things are really getting ridiculous The Failing and Crooked (but not as Crooked as Hillary Clinton) @nytimes has… 
If the FBI or DOJ was infiltrating a campaign for the benefit of another campaign that is a really big deal Only… 
Great to have our incredible First Lady back home in the White House Melania is feeling and doing really well Tha… 
Happy ArmedForcesDay to our GREAT military men and women for their selfless service to our Nation! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack in…
America is blessed with extraordinary energy abundance including more than 250 years worth of beautiful clean coal… 
California finally deserves a great Governor one who understands borders crime and lowering taxes John Cox is th… 
Just met with UN Secretary-General António Guterres who is working hard to “Make the United Nations Great Again” W… 
America is a Nation that believes in the power of redemption America is a Nation that believes in second chances -… 
RT @SteveForbesCEO: @realDonaldTrump speech on drug costs pays immediate dividends New @Amgen drug lists at 30% less than expected Middl…
We grieve for the terrible loss of life and send our support and love to everyone affected by this horrible attack… 
School shooting in Texas Early reports not looking good God bless all!
Reports are there was indeed at least one FBI representative implanted for political purposes into my campaign fo… 
Why isn’t disgraced FBI official Andrew McCabe being investigated for the $700000 Crooked Hillary Democrats in Vir… 
Fake News Media had me calling Immigrants or Illegal Immigrants “Animals” Wrong! They were begrudgingly forced t… 
“Apparently the DOJ put a Spy in the Trump Campaign This has never been done before and by any means necessary th… 
RT @WhiteHouse: Laurel? Yanny? Or 
It was my great honor to visit with our HEROES last night at Walter Reed Medical Center There is nobody like them! 
Tomorrow the House will vote on a strong Farm Bill which includes work requirements We must support our Nation’s great farmers!
Great talk with my friend President Mauricio Macri of Argentina this week He is doing such a good job for Argentin… 
Talking trade with the Vice Premier of the People’s Republic of China Liu He 
Congratulations to our new CIA Director Gina Haspel! 
Congrats to the House for passing the VA MISSION Act yesterday Without this funding our veterans will be forced to… 
Despite the disgusting illegal and unwarranted Witch Hunt we have had the most successful first 17 month Administ… 
Wow word seems to be coming out that the Obama FBI “SPIED ON THE TRUMP CAMPAIGN WITH AN EMBEDDED INFORMANT” Andre… 
Congratulations America we are now into the second year of the greatest Witch Hunt in American Historyand there… 
Gina Haspel is one step closer to leading our brave men and women at the CIA She is exceptionally qualified and th… 
and voted against the massive Tax Cut Bill He’s also weak on borders and crime Sadly our great Military and V… 
Lou Barletta will be a great Senator for Pennsylvania but his opponent Bob Casey has been a do-nothing Senator wh… 
Today it was my great honor to welcome President Mirziyoyev of Uzbekistan to the @WhiteHouse! 
House votes today on Choice/MISSION Act Who will stand with our Great Vets caregivers and Veterans Service Organ… 
haven’t even started yet! The US has very little to give because it has given so much over the years China has much to give!
We have not seen China’s demands yet which should be few in that previous US Administrations have done so poo… 
The Washington Post and CNN have typically written false stories about our trade negotiations with China Nothing h… 
Congratulations to Deb Fischer The people of Nebraska have seen what a great job she is doing - and it showed up at the ballot box! MAGA
Congratulations to Lou Barletta of Pennsylvania He will be a great Senator and will represent his people well - li… 
Thank you to the Washington Examiner and @CortesSteve on the great article - on WINNING! 
PeaceOfficersMemorialDay 
Today is one of the most important and solemn occasions of the year – the day we pay tribute to the Law Enforcement… 
Nebraska - make sure you get out to the polls and VOTE for Deb Fischer today! 
Can you believe that with all of the made up unsourced stories I get from the Fake News Media together with the… 
Trade negotiations are continuing with China They have been making hundreds of billions of dollars a year from the… 
Our great First Lady is doing really well Will be leaving hospital in 2 or 3 days Thank you for so much love and support!
RT @Scavino45: “Job openings hit record high of 66 million” 
RT @Scavino45: “Trump is putting the US back on top” 
Heading over to Walter Reed Medical Center to see our great First Lady Melania Successful procedure she is in go… 
The so-called leaks coming out of the White House are a massive over  exaggeration put out by the Fake News Media i… 
ZTE the large Chinese phone company buys a big percentage of individual parts from US companies This is also r… 
USEmbassyJerusalem 
Big day for Israel Congratulations!
US Embassy opening in Jerusalem will be covered live on @FoxNews &amp @FoxBusiness Lead up to 9:00 AM (eastern) e… 
So sad to see the Terror Attack in Paris At some point countries will have to open their eyes &amp see what is really… 
Remember how badly Iran was behaving with the Iran Deal in place They were trying to take over the Middle East by… 
China and the United States are working well together on trade but past negotiations have been so one sided in fav… 
President Xi of China and I are working together to give massive Chinese phone company ZTE a way to get back in… 
Happy Mother’s Day!!! 
The Senate should get funding done before the August break or NOT GO HOME Wall and Border Security should be incl… 
Iran’s Military Budget is up more than 40% since the Obama negotiated Nuclear Deal was reachedjust another indic… 
North Korea has announced that they will dismantle Nuclear Test Site this month ahead of the big Summit Meeting on… 
Why doesn’t the Fake News Media state that the Trump Administration’s Anti-Trust Division has been and is opposed… 
Big week next week when the American Embassy in Israel will be moved to Jerusalem Congratulations to all!
The American people deserve a healthcare system that takes care of them – not one that takes advantage of them We… 
Today my Administration is launching the most sweeping action in history to lower the price of prescription drugs… 
Thank you Indiana! MAGA🇺🇸

The highly anticipated meeting between Kim Jong Un and myself will take place in Singapore on June 12th We will bo… 
Five Most Wanted leaders of ISIS just captured!
Senator Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fought hard against the Bad Iran Deal even going at it with President Obama &amp then V… 
On behalf of the American people WELCOME HOME! 
Gina Haspel did a spectacular job today There is nobody even close to run the CIA!
Looking forward to greeting the Hostages (no longer) at 2:00 AM
The Failing New York Times criticized Secretary of State Pompeo for being AWOL (missing) when in fact he was flyin… 
Secretary Pompeo and his “guests” will be landing at Andrews Air Force Base at 2:00 AM in the morning I will be… 
I am pleased to inform you that Secretary of State Mike Pompeo is in the air and on his way back from North Korea w… 
Congratulations to Mike Dewine on his big win in the Great State of Ohio He will be a great Governor with a heavy… 
Candace Owens of Turning Point USA is having a big impact on politics in our Country She represents an ever expand… 
The Fake News is working overtime Just reported that despite the tremendous success we are having with the econom… 
The Republican Party had a great night Tremendous voter energy and excitement and all candidates are those who ha… 
The Iran Deal is defective at its core If we do nothing we know what will happen In just a short time the world… 
RT @WhiteHouse: "Finally I want to deliver a message to the long-suffering people of Iran The people of America stand with you" 
RT @WhiteHouse: "At the heart of the Iran deal was a giant fiction: that a murderous regime desired only a peaceful nuclear energy program…
Statement on the Iran Nuclear Deal: 
John Kerry can’t get over the fact that he had his chance and blew it! Stay away from negotiations John you are hurting your country!
I will be speaking to my friend President Xi of China this morning at 8:30 The primary topics will be Trade whe… 
Gina Haspel my highly respected nominee to lead the CIA is being praised for the fact that she has been and alwa… 
I will be announcing my decision on the Iran Deal tomorrow from the White House at 2:00pm
National Prescription Drug TakeBackDay numbers are in! Another record broken: nearly 1 MILLION pounds of Rx pills… 
The United States does not need John Kerry’s possibly illegal Shadow Diplomacy on the very badly negotiated Iran De… 
Is this Phony Witch Hunt going to go on even longer so it wrongfully impacts the Mid-Term Elections which is what… 
Lisa Page who may hold the record for the most Emails in the shortest period of time (to her Lover Peter S) and… 
Good luck to Ric Grenell our new Ambassador to Germany A great and talented guy he will represent our Country well!
“The Great Revolt” by Salena Zito and Brad Todd does much to tell the story of our great Election victory The Forg… 
The 13 Angry Democrats in charge of the Russian Witch Hunt are starting to find out that there is a Court System in… 
The Russia Witch Hunt is rapidly losing credibility House Intelligence Committee found No Collusion Coordination… 
My highly respected nominee for CIA Director Gina Haspel has come under fire because she was too tough on Terrori… 
To the great people of West Virginia we have together a really great chance to keep making a big difference Prob… 
Thank you Cleveland Ohio! 
Our high level delegation is on the way back from China where they had long meetings with Chinese leaders and busin… 
Just returned home to the beautiful White House from Dallas where the Arena was packed to the rafters with the gr… 
Great book just out by very successful businessman @AndyPuzder Always known as somebody who knows how to win “Cap… 
I want to thank all of our friends and patriots at the @NRA We will never fail and we will always protect your Se… 
We are going to demand Congress secure the border in the upcoming CR Illegal immigration must end!
Democrats and liberals in Congress want to disarm law-abiding Americans at the same time they are releasing dangero… 
All of us here today are united by the same timeless values We believe that our liberty is a gift from our creator… 
JUST OUT: 39% Unemployment 4% is Broken! In the meantime WITCH HUNT!
Going to Dallas (the GREAT State of Texas) today Leaving soon!
NBC NEWS is wrong again! They cite “sources” which are constantly wrong Problem is like so many others the sourc… 
Andy McCarthy will be on  @LouDobbs tonight 7:00 PM  @FoxBusiness
Because Jobs in the US are doing so well Americans receiving unemployment aid is the lowest since 1973 Great!
Our Southern Border is under siege Congress must act now to change our weak and ineffective immigration laws Must… 
NationalDayOfPrayer 
This spring marks 4yrs since the Phoenix VA crisis We won't forget what happened to our GREAT VETS Choice is vita… 
Today it was my great honor to celebrate the NationalDayOfPrayer at the @WhiteHouse in the Rose Garden! Proclama… 
despite already having signed a detailed letter admitting that there was no affair Prior to its violation by Ms… 
very common among celebrities and people of wealth In this case it is in full force and effect and will be used… 
Mr Cohen an attorney received a monthly retainer not from the campaign and having nothing to do with the campai… 
Our great financial team is in China trying to negotiate a level playing field on trade! I look forward to being wi… 
Ainsley Earnhardt a truly great person just wrote a wonderful book “The Light Within Me” which is doing really… 
As everybody is aware the past Administration has long been asking for three hostages to be released from a North… 
“This isn’t some game You are screwing with the work of the president of the United States”  John Dowd March 201… 
I have been briefed on the US C-130 “Hercules” cargo plane from the Puerto Rico National Guard that crashed near… 
Congratulations @SecPompeo! 
A Rigged System - They don’t want to turn over Documents to Congress What are they afraid of? Why so much redactin… 
NEW BOOK - A MUST READ! “The Russia Hoax - The Illicit Scheme to Clear Hillary Clinton and Frame Donald Trump” by t… 
“The questions are an intrusion into the President’s Article 2  powers under the Constitution to fire any Executive… 
There was no Collusion (it is a Hoax) and there is no Obstruction of Justice (that is a setup &amp trap) What there i… 
Today it was my great honor to thank and welcome heroic crew members and passengers of Southwest Airlines Flight 1… 
Congratulations @ArmyWPFootball! 
Today I had the great honor of awarding the Commander-in-Chief’s Trophy for the first time in 21 years to the… 
Yesterday it was my great honor to welcome President @MBuhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria to the… 
It would seem very hard to obstruct justice for a crime that never happened! Witch Hunt!
Delegation heading to China to begin talks on the Massive Trade Deficit that has been created with our Country Ver… 
So disgraceful that the questions concerning the Russian Witch Hunt were “leaked” to the media No questions on Col… 
The White House is running very smoothly despite phony Witch Hunts etc There is great Energy and unending Stamina… 
The Fake News is going crazy making up false stories and using only unnamed sources (who don’t exist) They are tot… 
During Small Business Week we celebrate the great hard-working entrepreneurs across our country who have started… 
The migrant ‘caravan’ that is openly defying our border shows how weak &amp ineffective US immigration laws are Yet… 
I recently had a terrific meeting with a bipartisan group of freshman lawmakers who feel very strongly in favor of… 
Numerous countries are being considered for the MEETING but would Peace House/Freedom House on the Border of Nort… 
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner is DEAD as we know it This was a total disaster and an embarrassment to our… 
Headline: “Kim Prepared to Cede Nuclear Weapons if US Pledges Not to Invade” - from the Failing New York Times A… 
The White House Correspondents’ Dinner was a failure last year but this year was an embarrassment to everyone asso… 
“Trump’s Triumphs are driving his critics Crazy!” Thank you Steve Hilton @NextRevFNC just want to do what is right for our wonderful USA
Just got recent Poll - much higher than President O at same timeWell much more has been accomplished!
While Washington Michigan was a big success Washington DC just didn’t work Everyone is talking about the fa… 
Great evening last night in Washington Michigan The enthusiasm knowledge and love in that room was unreal To th… 
Join me LIVE in Washington Michigan at 7:00pmE on @FoxNews! MAGA
Secret Service has just informed me that Senator Jon Tester’s statements on Admiral Jackson are not true There wer… 
Look forward to being in the Great State of Michigan tonight Major business expansion and jobs pouring into your S… 
Just had a long and very good talk with President Moon of South Korea Things are going very well time and locatio… 
“Clapper lied about (fraudulent) Dossier leaks to CNN” @foxandfriends FoxNews  He is a lying machine who now works for Fake News CNN
great people of Montana will not stand for this kind of slander when talking of a great human being Admiral Ja… 
Allegations made by Senator Jon Tester against Admiral/Doctor Ron Jackson are proving false The Secret Service is… 
House Intelligence Committee rules that there was NO COLLUSION between the Trump Campaign and Russia As I have bee… 
RT @WhiteHouse: "So today on behalf of the United States I want to thank every Olympian and Paralympian To every member of @TeamUSA I…
I urge all Americans to participate in takebackday tomorrow! Let’s come together and BEAT last October’s record of… 
RT @WhiteHouse: "Today I am honored to welcome Chancellor Angela Merkel back to the White House We are also pleased to have our newly co…
Just Out: House Intelligence Committee Report released “No evidence” that the Trump Campaign “colluded coordinate… 
Look forward to meeting with Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany today So much to discuss so little time! It will… 
Kanye West has performed a great service to the Black Community - Big things are happening and eyes are being opene… 
Please do not forget the great help that my good friend President Xi of China has given to the United States par… 
So great to have Staff Sgt Dan Nevins and the incredible WOUNDED WARRIORS with me in the White House yesterday Th… 
KOREAN WAR TO END! The United States and all of its GREAT people should be very proud of what is now taking place in Korea!
After a furious year of missile launches and Nuclear testing a historic meeting between North and South Korea is n… 
Is everybody believing what is going on James Comey can’t define what a leak is He illegally leaked CLASSIFIED IN… 
The US has put together a STRONG bid w/ Canada &amp Mexico for the 2026 World Cup It would be a shame if countries… 
Loved being on @foxandfriends this morning Great show!
MAGA! 
Thank you Kanye very cool! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for our…
Looking forward to my meeting with Tim Cook of Apple We will be talking about many things including how the US… 
@FLOTUS did a spectacular job hosting the President of France @EmmanuelMacron and his wife Brigitte Every detail… 
Busy day planned  Looking forward to watching President Macron of France address a Joint Session of Congress today… 
Congratulations to Republican Debbie Lesko on her big win in the Special Election for Arizona House seat Debbie wi… 
Our two great republics are linked together by the timeless bonds of history culture and destiny We are people w… 
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome French President @EmmanuelMacron and Mrs Brigitte Macron to t… 
@JimRenacci has worked so hard on Tax Reductions Illegal Immigration the Border and Crime I need Jim very badly… 
“President Trump Calls the US-France Relationship ‘Unbreakable’ History Shows He’s Right” 
Arizona please get out today and vote @DebbieLesko for Congress in AZ08 Strong on Border Immigration and Crime… 
Americans stand with you and all of Canada Prime Minister @JustinTrudeau Our thoughts and prayers are with you al… 
Having great meetings and discussions with my friend President @EmmanuelMacron of France We are in the midst of m… 
RT @mikepence: PROUD to support our friend @VoteMarsha for US Senate representing Tennessee Marsha Blackburn is a rock-ribbed conservativ…
Here’s a great stat - since January 2017 the number of people forced to use food stamps is down 19 million The A… 
Mexico whose laws on immigration are very tough must stop people from going through Mexico and into the US We m… 
Despite the Democrat inspired laws on Sanctuary Cities and the Border being so bad and one sided I have instructed… 
Hard to believe Obstructionists May vote against Mike Pompeo for Secretary of State The Dems will not approve hund… 
Thank you to the incredible Law Enforcement Officers from the Palm Beach County Sheriff’s Office They keep us safe… 
Kim Strassel of the WSJ just said after reviewing the dumb Comey Memos “you got to ask what was the purpose of t… 
Funny how all of the Pundits that couldn’t come close to making a deal on North Korea are now all over the place te… 
A complete Witch Hunt!
“I can die happy now with Trump Job performance” stated Mary Matalin “A great overall President stunning!” Thank you Mary
We are a long way from conclusion on North Korea maybe things will work out and maybe they won’t - only time… 
Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd of Fake News NBC just stated that we have given up so much in our negotiations with North Ko… 
“GOP Lawmakers asking Sessions to Investigate Comey and Hillary Clinton” @FoxNews   Good luck with that request!
“At least two Memos Comey shared with a friend contained Classified Information”  Wall Street Journal
RT @dmartosko: The same can be said of the "collusion" stuff 
The Washington Post said I refer to Jeff Sessions as “Mr Magoo” and Rod Rosenstein as “Mr Peepers” This is “acco… 
James Comey’s Memos are Classified I did not Declassify them They belong to our Government! Therefore he broke t… 
Sylvester Stallone called me with the story of heavyweight boxing champion Jack Johnson His trials and tribulation… 
So funny the Democrats have sued the Republicans for Winning Now he R’s counter and force them to turn over a tre… 
Heading to the Southern White House to watch the Funeral Service of Barbara Bush First Lady Melania has arrived in… 
Today my thoughts and prayers are with the entire Bush family In memory of First Lady Barbara Bush there is a re… 
Fantastic crowd and great people yesterday in Key West Florida Thank you! 
Join me in Washington Michigan on Saturday April 28 2018 at 7:00pm! MAGA Tickets:  
it means lying or making up stories Sorry I don’t see Michael doing that despite the horrible Witch Hunt and the dishonest media!
non-existent “sources” and a drunk/drugged up loser who hates Michael a fine person with a wonderful family M… 
The New York Times and a third rate reporter named Maggie Haberman known as a Crooked H flunkie who I don’t speak… 
A message from Kim Jong Un: “North Korea will stop nuclear tests and launches of intercontinental ballistic missile… 
James Comey illegally leaked classified documents to the press in order to generate a Special Council? Therefore t… 
Just heard the Campaign was sued by the Obstructionist Democrats This can be good news in that we will now counter… 
North Korea has agreed to suspend all Nuclear Tests and close up a major test site This is very good news for Nort… 
Can you believe that despite 93% bad stories from the Fake News Media (should be getting good stories) today we ha… 
Looks like OPEC is at it again With record amounts of Oil all over the place including the fully loaded ships at… 
Nancy Pelosi is going absolutely crazy about the big Tax Cuts given to the American People by the Republicansgot… 
So exciting! I have agreed to be the Commencement Speaker at our GREAT Naval Academy on May 25th in Annapolis Mary… 
So General Michael Flynn’s life can be totally destroyed while Shadey James Comey can Leak and Lie and make lots of… 
James Comey Memos just out and show clearly that there was NO COLLUSION and NO OBSTRUCTION Also he leaked classif… 
James Comey just threw Andrew McCabe “under the bus” Inspector General’s Report on McCabe is a disaster for both o… 
Sanctuary Cities released at least 142 Gang Members across the United States making it easy for them to commit all… 
My thoughts prayers and condolences are with the families friends and colleagues of the two @GCSOFlorida deputies… 
Mike Pompeo is outstanding First in his class at West Point A top student at Harvard Law School A success at wha… 
Hopefully the Senate will not leave Washington until our Ambassadors Judges and the people who make Washington… 
Democrats are obstructing good (hopefully great) people wanting to give up a big portion of their life to work for… 
@MarshaBlackburn is a wonderful woman who has always been there when we have needed her Great on the Military Bo… 
THANK YOU JIATFSouth @NoradNorthcom @southcomwatch and @DHSgov Keep up the GREAT work! 
Just arrived @NASKeyWest! Heading to a briefing with the Joint Interagency Task Force South NORTHCOM and SOUTHCOM 
Governor Jerry Brown announced he will deploy “up to 400 National Guard Troops” to do nothing The crime rate in Ca… 
Thank you San Diego County for defending the rule of law and supporting our lawsuit against California's illegal an… 
Great meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan who has just left Florida Talked in depth about North Korea Milit… 
It was my great honor to host my friend @JPNPMO @AbeShinzo and his delegation at Mar-a-Lago for the past two days… 
RT @StateDept: @POTUS Trump thanks Prime Minister @AbeShinzo for his support discusses US-Japan cooperation on NorthKorea defense an…
Great working luncheon with US and Japanese Delegations this afternoon! 
Prime Minister @AbeShinzo of Japan and myself this morning building an even deeper and better relationship while pl… 
Best wishes to Prime Minister @Netanyahu and all of the people of Israel on the 70th Anniversary of your Great Inde… 
Slippery James Comey the worst FBI Director in history was not fired because of the phony Russia investigation wh… 
Mike Pompeo met with Kim Jong Un in North Korea last week Meeting went very smoothly and a good relationship was f… 
A sketch years later about a nonexistent man A total con job playing the Fake News Media for Fools (but they know… 
There is a Revolution going on in California Soooo many Sanctuary areas want OUT of this ridiculous crime infeste… 
RT @AbeShinzo: フロリダに到着し、早速トランプ大統領との首脳会談に臨みました。今日は、大半を北朝鮮問題に費やし、非常に重要な点で認識を一致させることができました。
「日本のために最善となるようベストを尽くす」
トランプ大統領は、来る米朝首脳会談で拉致問題を取り上げ…
RT @IvankaTrump: This year’s TaxDay is the last time you’ll have to file your taxes through an outdated broken system BYE-BYE 
RT @realDonaldTrump: States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers Very unfair to tr…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens i…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be removed f…
While Japan and South Korea would like us to go back into TPP I don’t like the deal for the United States Too man… 
Pastor Andrew Brunson a fine gentleman and Christian leader in the United States is on trial and being persecuted… 
It is my great honor to host @JPNPMO @AbeShinzo! 
@FLOTUS Melania and I join the Nation in celebrating the life of Barbara Bush: 
States and Cities throughout our Country are being cheated and treated so badly by online retailers Very unfair to… 
RT @IvankaTrump: Great to be with Secretary Mnuchin &amp former Governor Sununu in Derry NH on TaxDay to highlight the tremendous benefits o…
RT @FoxBusiness: WATCH LIVE: @IvankaTrump and @stevenmnuchin1 host tax event on Tax Day in New Hampshire (Courtesy: WBZ) 
Congress – House and Senate must quickly pass a legislative fix to ensure violent criminal aliens can be remove… 
Today’s Court decision means that Congress must close loopholes that block the removal of dangerous criminal aliens… 
Welcome Prime Minister Abe! 
Rasmussen just came out at 51% Approval despite the Fake News Media They were one of the three most accurate on El… 
Getting ready to meet Prime Minister Abe of Japan a truly fine gentleman!
RT @NFIB: Our Optimism Index reached its 16th consecutive month in the top 5% of 45 years of survey readings – and it was the 1st time in 3…
RT @VP: Thanks to the historic TRUMP TAX CUTS today marks the last time the American people will file taxes under a complicated &amp outdated…
RT @RepKevinBrady: Starting next year you will be able to file under the new tax law which means MORE money in your pocket – all without…
RT @WhiteHouse: Syrian President Bashar al-Assad’s April 7 attack on innocent civilians violated international law the Chemical Weapons Co…
RT @WhiteHouse: Out with the old in with the new: tax cuts and reforms that look out for hardworking taxpayers ⬇️

RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump's tax cuts will generate greater economic opportunities for all 
So many people are seeing the benefits of the Tax Cut Bill Everyone is talking really nice to see!
Looks like Jerry Brown and California are not looking for safety and security along their very porous Border He ca… 
I am in Florida and looking forward to my meeting with Prime Minister Abe of Japan Working on Trade and Military Security
Employment is up Taxes are DOWN Enjoy!
RT @GOPChairwoman: Crumbs are still coming MAGA

RT @WaysandMeansGOP: Tomorrow is TaxDay and the good news is this is the last year you will have to file using the old broken code Check…
RT @IvankaTrump: Looking forward to traveling to Manchester NH tomorrow with Sec @stevenmnuchin1 to celebrate the last TaxDay under the o…
RT @GOP: Our entire RNC family offers prayers of comfort and peace for Barbara Bush and the entire Bush family
RT @GOPChairwoman: Comey’s misconduct once led both Republicans and Democrats to call for his firing His reputation rehabilitation book to…
RT @GOPChairwoman: We’re in a prime position to defend our majorities in 2018 Let’s defy history MAGA LeadRight

Russia and China are playing the Currency Devaluation game as the US keeps raising interest rates Not acceptable!
Comey drafted the Crooked Hillary exoneration long before he talked to her (lied in Congress to Senator G) then ba… 
Just hit 50% in the Rasmussen Poll much higher than President Obama at same point With all of the phony stories a… 
Slippery James Comey a man who always ends up badly and out of whack (he is not smart!) will go down as the WORST… 
Attorney Client privilege is now a thing of the past I have many (too many!) lawyers and they are probably wonderi… 
I never asked Comey for Personal Loyalty I hardly even knew this guy Just another of his many lies His “memos” are self serving and FAKE!
The Syrian raid was so perfectly carried out with such precision that the only way the Fake News Media could deme… 
Comey throws AG Lynch “under the bus!” Why can’t we all find out what happened on the tarmac in the back of the pla… 
The big questions in Comey’s badly reviewed book aren’t answered like how come he gave up Classified Information (… 
Unbelievably James Comey states that Polls where Crooked Hillary was leading were a factor in the handling (stup… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the fines…
RT @nikkihaley: 
So proud of our great Military which will soon be after the spending of billions of fully approved dollars the fi… 
A perfectly executed strike last night Thank you to France and the United Kingdom for their wisdom and the power o… 

DOJ just issued the McCabe report - which is a total disaster He LIED! LIED! LIED! McCabe was totally controlled b… 
We are bringing back our factories we are bringing back our jobs and we are bringing back those four beautiful wo… 
untruthful slime ball who was as time has proven a terrible Director of the FBI His handling of the Crooked… 
James Comey is a proven LEAKER &amp LIAR Virtually everyone in Washington thought he should be fired for the terrible… 
Tremendous pressure is building like never before for the Border Wall and an end to crime cradling Sanctuary Citi… 
Would only join TPP if the deal were substantially better than the deal offered to Pres Obama We already have BIL… 
America’s greatest treasure is our people – and my Administration HEARS YOUR VOICE and HAS YOUR BACK We are fighti… 
Thank you to all of the American workers who travelled here today! This event is dedicated to YOU: the hardworking… 
I have agreed with the historically cooperative disciplined approach that we have engaged in with Robert Mueller (… 
On Yom HaShoah we remember the six million Jews slaughtered in the Holocaust With each passing year our duty to r… 
Good luck to Mike Pompeo during his Confirmation Hearing today He will be a great Secretary of State!
Never said when an attack on Syria would take place Could be very soon or not so soon at all! In any event the Un… 
California Governor Jerry Brown is doing the right thing and sending the National Guard to the Border Thank you Je… 
If I wanted to fire Robert Mueller in December as reported by the Failing New York Times I would have fired him… 
Big show tonight on @seanhannity! 9:00 PM on @FoxNews
Honored to have Republican Congressional Leadership join me at the @WhiteHouse this evening Lots to discuss as we… 
“Trump just took a giant step towards actual welfare reform” 
RT @StateDept: @POTUS Trump at Signing of FOSTA SESTA bill: We are going to do everything in our power to make sure traffickers are brou…
The @WhiteHouse is partnering with @Interior and @NatlParkService to bring the @NSCsafety's “Prescribed to Death” O… 
Speaker Paul Ryan is a truly good man and while he will not be seeking re-election he will leave a legacy of achi… 
Much of the bad blood with Russia is caused by the Fake &amp Corrupt Russia Investigation headed up by the all Democr… 
Our relationship with Russia is worse now than it has ever been and that includes the Cold War There is no reason… 
Russia vows to shoot down any and all missiles fired at Syria Get ready Russia  because they will be coming nice… 
doing things that nobody thought possible despite the never ending and corrupt Russia Investigation which tak… 
So much Fake News about what is going on in the White House Very calm and calculated with a big focus on open and… 
The Failing New York Times wrote another phony story It was political pundit Doug Schoen not a Ukrainian business… 
Today it was my great honor to welcome the 2017 NCAA Football National Champion Alabama Crimson Tide - to the Whi… 
Very thankful for President Xi of China’s kind words on tariffs and automobile barriersalso his enlightenment o… 
Last night it was my great honor to host America’s senior defense and military leaders for dinner at the White Hou… 
A TOTAL WITCH HUNT!!!
Attorney–client privilege is dead!
Great @Cabinet meeting at the @WhiteHouse this morning!  
The Democrats are not doing what’s right for our country I will not rest until we have secured our borders and res… 
RT @StateDept: @POTUS Trump condemns the heinous attack on innocent Syrians with banned chemical weapons Syria 
When a car is sent to the United States from China there is a Tariff to be paid of 2 1/2% When a car is sent to C… 
Congratulations to Patrick Reed on his great and courageous MASTERS win! When Patrick had his amazing win at Doral… 
If President Obama had crossed his stated Red Line In The Sand the Syrian disaster would have ended long ago! Anim… 
to pay Open area immediately for medical help and verification Another humanitarian disaster for no reason whatsoever SICK!
Many dead including women and children in mindless CHEMICAL attack in Syria Area of atrocity is in lockdown and… 
President Xi and I will always be friends no matter what happens with our dispute on trade China will take down i… 
The Washington Post is far more fiction than fact Story after story is made up garbage - more like a poorly writte… 
“The FBI closed the case on Hillary which was a rigged investigation They exonerated her even before they ever in… 
While Security spending was somewhat more than his predecessor Scott Pruitt has received death threats because of… 
Fire at Trump Tower is out Very confined (well built building) Firemen (and women) did a great job THANK YOU!
What does the Department of Justice and FBI have to hide? Why aren’t they giving the strongly requested documents (… 
Lawmakers of the House Judiciary Committee are angrily accusing the Department of Justice of missing the Thursday D… 
We are sealing up our Southern Border The people of our great country want Safety and Security The Dems have been… 
The United States hasn’t had a Trade Surplus with China in 40 years They must end unfair trade take down barriers… 
Just spoke to @JustinTrudeau to pay my highest respect and condolences to the families of the terrible Humboldt Tea… 
Congratulations to @bernieandsid on their new @77wabcradio morning radio show in New York City It was an honor to… 
“BET founder: Trump's economy is bringing black workers back into the labor force” 
AMERICA IS OPEN FOR BUSINESS! 
Do you believe that the Fake News Media is pushing hard on a story that I am going to replace AG Jeff Sessions wi… 
China which is a great economic power is considered a Developing Nation within the World Trade Organization They… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who repr…
Despite the Aluminum Tariffs Aluminum prices are DOWN 4% People are surprised I’m not! Lots of money coming into… 
Thank you @WVGovernor Jim Justice It was my great honor to be with the amazing people of West Virginia today! MAGA 
Thanks to our historic TAX CUTS America is open for business and millions of American workers are seeing more tak… 
The Fake News Washington Post Amazon’s “chief lobbyist” has another (of many) phony headlines “Trump Defiant As… 
The Caravan is largely broken up thanks to the strong immigration laws of Mexico and their willingness to use them… 
“Still Rising: Rasmussen Poll Shows Donald Trump Approval Ratings Now at 51 Percent” 
Today we honor Dr Martin Luther King Jr on the 50th anniversary of his assassination Earlier this year I spoke… 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the four US Marines from the 3rd Marine Aircraft Wing who lost their lives in y… 
When you’re already $500 Billion DOWN you can’t lose!
We are not in a trade war with China that war was lost many years ago by the foolish or incompetent people who r… 
Our Border Laws are very weak while those of Mexico &amp Canada are very strong Congress must change these Obama era… 
Was just briefed on the shooting at YouTube’s HQ in San Bruno California Our thoughts and prayers are with everyb… 
WE WILL PROTECT OUR SOUTHERN BORDER! 
Today it was my honor to welcome Estonia President @KerstiKaljulaid Lithuania President @GrybauskaiteLT and Lat… 
I am right about Amazon costing the United States Post Office massive amounts of money for being their Delivery Boy… 
Thank you to Rasmussen for the honest polling Just hit 50% which is higher than Cheatin’ Obama at the same time in his Administration
Check out the fact that you can’t get a job at ratings challenged @CNN unless you state that you are totally anti-T… 
The big Caravan of People from Honduras now coming across Mexico and heading to our “Weak Laws” Border had better… 
The Fake News Networks those that knowingly have a sick and biased AGENDA are worried about the competition and q… 
AutismAwarenessDay LightItUpBlue 
“President Trump's approval rate among likely US voters hit 50 percent on Monday which puts him higher than form… 
39% of my nominations including Diplomats to foreign lands have not been confirmed due to Democrat obstruction an… 
Honduras Mexico and many other countries that the US is very generous to sends many of their people to our coun… 
As ridiculous as it sounds the laws of our country do not easily allow us to send those crossing our Southern Bord… 
“President Donald J Trump Proclaims April 2 2018 World Autism Awareness Day” 
An honor to host the Annual @WhiteHouse Easter Egg Roll! 
So sad that the Department of “Justice” and the FBI are slow walking or even not giving the unredacted documents… 
Only fools or worse are saying that our money losing Post Office makes money with Amazon THEY LOSE A FORTUNE an… 
So funny to watch Fake News Networks among the most dishonest groups of people I have ever dealt with criticize S… 
Mexico is making a fortune on NAFTAThey have very strong border laws - ours are pathetic With all of the money… 
DACA is dead because the Democrats didn’t care or act and now everyone wants to get onto the DACA bandwagon No… 
Congress must immediately pass Border Legislation use Nuclear Option if necessary to stop the massive inflow o… 
Mexico has the absolute power not to let these large “Caravans” of people enter their country They must stop them… 
These big flows of people are all trying to take advantage of DACA They want in on the act!
Mexico is doing very little if not NOTHING at stopping people from flowing into Mexico through their Southern Bor… 
Border Patrol Agents are not allowed to properly do their job at the Border because of ridiculous liberal (Democrat… 
HAPPY EASTER!
Governor Jerry “Moonbeam” Brown pardoned 5 criminal illegal aliens whose crimes include (1) Kidnapping and Robbery… 
does not include the Fake Washington Post which is used as a “lobbyist” and should so  REGISTER If the PO “i… 
While we are on the subject it is reported that the US Post Office will lose $150 on average for each package i… 

Washington spent trillions building up foreign countries while allowing OUR OWN infrastructure to fall into a state… 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! Unemployment claims have fallen to a 45-year low Together we are making the economy great again! 
We are going to REBUILD our crumbling infrastructure and there is no better place to begin this campaign than in t… 
I have stated my concerns with Amazon long before the Election Unlike others they pay little or no taxes to state… 
In the interim Hon Robert Wilkie of DOD will serve as Acting Secretary I am thankful for Dr David Shulkin’s… 
I am pleased to announce that I intend to nominate highly respected Admiral Ronny L Jackson MD as the new Secret… 
Great briefing this afternoon on the start of our Southern Border WALL! 
release known dangerous criminals into communities across the State All citizens have the right to be protecte… 
My Administration stands in solidarity with the brave citizens in Orange County defending their rights against Cali… 
@USTradeRep just announced an agreement in principle with South Korea on KORUS! A great deal for American and Kore… 
Received message last night from XI JINPING of China that his meeting with KIM JONG UN went very well and that KIM… 
For years and through many administrations everyone said that peace and the denuclearization of the Korean Peninsu… 
THE SECOND AMENDMENT WILL NEVER BE REPEALED! As much as Democrats would like to see this happen and despite the wo… 
I am very pleased to welcome the opioid memorial to the President's Park in April I encourage all to visit and rem… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Because of the $700 &amp $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military is a…
Trade talks going on with numerous countries that for many years have not treated the United States fairly In the end all will be happy!
Great news! MAGA 
So much Fake News Never been more voluminous or more inaccurate But through it all our country is doing great!
The economy is looking really good It has been many years that we have seen these kind of numbers The underlying… 
@HowieCarrShow just wrote a book which everyone is talking about He was a great help He is a veteran journalist… 
“President Donald J Trump Proclaims March 25 2018 as Greek Independence Day: A National Day of Celebration of Gr… 
Happy National MedalOfHonorDay to our HEROES We love you! 
lawyer or law firm will take months to get up to speed (if for no other reason than they can bill more) which… 
Many lawyers and top law firms want to represent me in the Russia casedon’t believe the Fake News narrative that… 
Much can be done with the $16 Billion given to building and fixing the border wall It is just a down payment Wor… 
Because of the $700 &amp $716 Billion Dollars gotten to rebuild our Military many jobs are created and our Military i… 
France honors a great hero Officer died after bravely swapping places with hostage in ISIS related terror attack… 
Our thoughts and prayers are with the victims of the horrible attack in France yesterday and we grieve the nation’… 
As a matter of National Security I've signed the Omnibus Spending Bill I say to Congress: I will NEVER sign anothe… 
Obama Administration legalized bump stocks BAD IDEA As I promised today the Department of Justice will issue the… 
News conference at the White House concerning the Omnibus Spending Bill  1:00 PM
I am considering a VETO of the Omnibus Spending Bill based on the fact that the 800000 plus DACA recipients have b… 
DACA was abandoned by the Democrats Very unfair to them! Would have been tied to desperately needed Wall
House Intelligence Committee votes to release final report FINDINGS: (1) No evidence provided of Collusion between… 
I am pleased to announce that effective 4/9/18 @AmbJohnBolton will be my new National Security Advisor I am very… 
My honor Charlie - thank you! MAGA 
As a candidate I pledged that if elected I would use every lawful tool to combat unfair trade protect American wo… 
RT @FLOTUS: Greetings from @WhiteHouse 
Remember when they were saying during the campaign that Donald Trump is giving great speeches and drawing big cro… 
Crazy Joe Biden is trying to act like a tough guy Actually he is weak both mentally and physically and yet he t… 
Democrats refused to take care of DACA Would have been so easy but they just didn’t care I had to fight for Military and start of Wall
Got $16 Billion to start Wall on Southern Border rest will be forthcoming Most importantly got $700 Billion to… 
They can help solve problems with North Korea Syria Ukraine ISIS Iran and even the coming Arms Race Bush… 
I called President Putin of Russia to congratulate him on his election victory (in past Obama called him also) Th… 
“Special Council is told to find crimes whether a crime exists or not I was opposed to the selection of Mueller t… 
there was no probable cause for believing that there was any crime collusion or otherwise or obstruction of ju… 
Department of Justice should have urged the Supreme Court to at least hear the Drivers License case on illegal immi… 
AUSTIN BOMBING SUSPECT IS DEAD Great job by law enforcement and all concerned!
Our Nation was founded by farmers Our independence was won by farmers And our continent was tamed by farmers Our… 
The Democrats do not want to help DACA Would be so easy to make a deal!
RT @WhiteHouse: The opioid crisis has created stories of despair of shock but also stories of recovery &amp hope President Trump is asking e…
A total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest!
@seanhannity on @foxandfriends now! Great! 8:18 AM
Why does the Mueller team have 13 hardened Democrats some big Crooked Hillary supporters and Zero Republicans? An… 
Spent very little time with Andrew McCabe but he never took notes when he was with me I don’t believe he made mem… 
Wow watch Comey lie under oath to Senator G when asked “have you ever been an anonymous sourceor known someone… 
The Mueller probe should never have been started in that there was no collusion and there was no crime It was base… 
The Fake News is beside themselves that McCabe was caught called out and fired How many hundreds of thousands of… 
As the House Intelligence Committee has concluded there was no collusion between Russia and the Trump Campaign As… 
Happy StPatricksDay 
Andrew McCabe FIRED a great day for the hard working men and women of the FBI - A great day for Democracy Sanctim… 
“US Consumer Confidence Hits 14-Year High” 
It would be great for the Republican Party of Nevada and it’s unity if good guy Danny Tarkanian would run for Cong… 
Our thoughts and prayers go out to the families and loved ones of the brave troops lost in the helicopter crash on… 
“President Donald J Trump Delivers Remarks at the Shamrock☘️Bowl Presentation by Prime Minister Varadkar in the Ea… 
Continuing to monitor the heartbreaking bridge collapse at FIU - so tragic Many brave First Responders rushed in t… 
It was my honor to welcome Prime Minister Leo Varadkar of Ireland to the @WhiteHouse! 
RT @WhiteHouse: Yesterday five @Cabinet Secretaries testified on the Hill on the need to rebuild our Nation's crumbling infrastructure Pr…
We do have a Trade Deficit with Canada as we do with almost all countries (some of them massive) PM Justin Trud… 
Larry Kudlow will be my Chief Economic Advisor as Director of the National Economic Council Our Country will have… 
Please join me with your thoughts and prayers for both aviators their families and our incredible @USNavy 
It was wonderful to be back in Missouri where our push for historic TAX CUTS all began Six months ago I promised t… 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Today the House took major steps toward securing our schools by passing the STOP School Violence Act We must put t… 
Thank you for hosting! MAGA 
We cannot keep a blind eye to the rampant unfair trade practices against our Country!
Five of our incredible @Cabinet Secretaries are testifying on the Hill this morning on the need to rebuild our Nati… 
Perhaps at no time in history have the business fundamentals of US companies been better than they are today!
Hundreds of good people including very important Ambassadors and Judges are being blocked and/or slow walked by t… 
All across this nation we pray for our country and we THANK GOD for our United States Marines! Thank you God Bles… 
It was my great honor to deliver a message at the Marine Corps Air Station Miramar to our GREAT US Military stra… 
If we don’t have a wall system we’re not going to have a country Congress must fund the BORDER WALL &amp prohibit gr… 
California’s sanctuary policies are illegal and unconstitutional and put the safety and security of our entire nati… 
“According to the Center for Immigration Studies the $18 billion wall will pay for itself by curbing the importati… 
Heading to see the BORDER WALL prototypes in California! 
Mike Pompeo Director of the CIA will become our new Secretary of State He will do a fantastic job! Thank you to… 
The Economy is raging at an all time high and is set to get even better Jobs and wages up Vote for Rick Saccone and keep it going!
THE HOUSE INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEE HAS AFTER A 14 MONTH LONG IN-DEPTH INVESTIGATION FOUND NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION… 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2017 World Series Champion Houston @Astros to the @WhiteHouse! HoustonStrong 
The Pittsburgh Post Gazette just endorsed Rick Saccone for Congress He will be much better for steel and business… 
If schools are mandated to be gun free zones violence and danger are given an open invitation to enter Almost all… 
On 18 to 21 Age Limits watching court cases and rulings before acting States are making this decision Things… 
Very strong improvement and strengthening of background checks will be fully backed by White House Legislation mov… 
Secretary of Commerce Wilbur Ross will be speaking with representatives of the European Union about eliminating the… 
Rasmussen and others have my approval ratings at around 50% which is higher than Obama and yet the political pund… 
The Democrats continue to Obstruct the confirmation of hundreds of good and talented people who are needed to run o… 
The Republicans are 5-0 in recent Congressional races a point which the Fake News Media continuously fails to ment… 
have shown conclusively that there was no Collusion with Russiajust excuse for losing The only Collusion was… 
The Failing New York Times purposely wrote a false story stating that I am unhappy with my legal team on the Russia… 
Epic crowd in Moon Township Pennsylvania tonight Thank you! Get out on Tuesday and VOTE for Rick @Saccone4PA18 T… 
Join me LIVE in Moon Township Pennsylvania at 7:00pmE Great crowd for a MAGA rally!

The European Union wonderful countries who treat the US very badly on trade are complaining about the tariffs o… 
In the first hours after hearing that North Korea’s leader wanted to meet with me to talk denuclearization and that… 
North Korea has not conducted a Missile Test since November 28 2017 and has promised not to do so through our meet… 
Heading to Moon Township Pennsylvania to be with a really good person State Representative Rick Saccone who is… 
Spoke to Prime Minister Abe of Japan who is very enthusiastic about talks with North Korea Also discussing openin… 
Chinese President XI JINPING and I spoke at length about the meeting with KIM JONG UN of North Korea President XI… 
Congratulations to Kristian Saucier a man who has served proudly in the Navy on your newly found Freedom Now you… 
We are deeply saddened by the tragic situation in Yountville and mourn the loss of three incredible women who cared for our Veterans
The deal with North Korea is very much in the making and will be if completed a very good one for the World Time… 
Spoke to PM @TurnbullMalcolm of Australia He is committed to having a very fair and reciprocal military and trade… 
That’s right @RepBost! Thank you for your support in helping put America back to work It’s about JOBS JOBS JOBS… 
Look forward to being in Pennsylvania tomorrow in support of Rick @Saccone4PA18 Big crowd expected in Moon Townshi… 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! MAGA 
Kim Jong Un talked about denuclearization with the South Korean Representatives not just a freeze Also no missil… 
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Aluminum into the United States” 
 
Proclamation:… 
“Presidential Proclamation on Adjusting Imports of Steel into the United States”
 
Proclamation:… 
Great meeting with @Cabinet at the @WhiteHouse today! MAGA 
Happy InternationalWomensDay

“First Lady Melania Trump to Present the 2018 International Women of Courage Award” 
Looking forward to 3:30 PM meeting today at the White House We have to protect &amp build our Steel and Aluminum In… 
The US is acting swiftly on Intellectual Property theft We cannot allow this to happen as it has for many years!
China has been asked to develop a plan for the year of a One Billion Dollar reduction in their massive Trade Defici… 
From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 manufacturing jobs and accumulat… 
@MarkBurnettTV @RealRomaDowney From Bush 1 to present our Country has lost more than 55000 factories 6000000 m… 
Great couple great book! 
Will be making a decision soon on the appointment of new Chief Economic Advisor Many people wanting the job - will choose wisely!
Possible progress being made in talks with North Korea For the first time in many years a serious effort is being… 
Federal Judge in Maryland has just ruled that “President Trump has the right to end DACA” President Obama had 8 ye… 
Lowest rated Oscars in HISTORY Problem is we don’t have Stars anymore - except your President (just kidding of course)!
RT @EricTrump: Congratulations @FoxNews: Fox has 15 of the top 20 shows with @SeanHannity and @TuckerCarlson leading the pack at 1st and 2n…
We will see what happens! 
We are getting it done - jobs and security! 
Total inaction on DACA by Dems Where are you? A deal can be made!
The new Fake News narrative is that there is CHAOS in the White House Wrong! People will always come &amp go and I w… 
It’s March 5th and the Democrats are nowhere to be found on DACA Gave them 6 months they just don’t care Where a… 
Why did the Obama Administration start an investigation into the Trump Campaign (with zero proof of wrongdoing) lon… 
To protect our Country we must protect American Steel! AMERICA FIRST
treat our farmers much better Highly restrictive Mexico must do much more on stopping drugs from pouring into… 
We have large trade deficits with Mexico and Canada NAFTA which is under renegotiation right now has been a bad… 
We are on the losing side of almost all trade deals Our friends and enemies have taken advantage of the US for m… 
The Gridiron Dinner last night was great fun I am accomplishing a lot in Washington and have never had a better ti… 
If the EU wants to further increase their already massive tariffs and barriers on US companies doing business t… 
The United States has an $800 Billion Dollar Yearly Trade Deficit because of our “very stupid” trade deals and poli… 
Mainstream Media in US is being mocked all over the world They’ve gone CRAZY! 
Happy National Anthem Day! 
REST IN PEACE BILLY GRAHAM! 
When a country Taxes our products coming in at say 50% and we Tax the same product coming into our country at ZE… 
We must protect our country and our workers Our steel industry is in bad shape IF YOU DON’T HAVE STEEL YOU DON’T HAVE A COUNTRY!
Eric we are all with you and your family! Look forward to seeing you back on TV 
Alec Baldwin whose dying mediocre career was saved by his terrible impersonation of me on SNL now says playing me… 
When a country (USA) is losing many billions of dollars on trade with virtually every country it does business with… 
Good (Great) meeting in the Oval Office tonight with the NRA!
RT @IvankaTrump: My OpEd on the importance of YouthSports participation and how this Administration is seeking to lift barriers so all our…
RT @Scavino45: “Trump Comes Through — Saves $14 Billion On New Air Force One” 
Manufacturing growing at the fastest pace in almost two decades!
Jobless claims at a 49 year low!
Together we will face this challenge as a national family with conviction with unity and with a commitment to lo… 
“Consumer Confidence in February Highest Since November 2000” 
“Manufacturing in US Expands at Fastest Pace Since May 2004” 
Unemployment filings are at their lowest level in over 48 years Great news for workers and JOBS JOBS JOBS! MAGA 
Our Steel and Aluminum industries (and many others) have been decimated by decades of unfair trade and bad policy w… 
Many ideas some good &amp some not so good emerged from our bipartisan meeting on school safety yesterday at the Whi… 
It was an honor to welcome bipartisan members of Congress for a discussion on SAFE schools and SAFE communities As… 
Today we honor Billy Graham as only three private citizens before him have been honored 

We say a prayer for our… 
Starting at a small Bible School in Florida Billy Graham soon led a nationwide revival From a large tent in Los A… 
Today in the center of this great Chamber lies Billy Graham – an Ambassador for Christ who reminded the world of t… 
Why is AG Jeff Sessions asking the Inspector General to investigate potentially massive FISA abuse Will take for… 
45 year low on illegal border crossings this year Ice and Border Patrol Agents are doing a great job for our Count… 
I have decided that sections of the Wall that California wants built NOW will not be built until the whole Wall is… 
The Heritage Foundation has just stated that 64% of the Trump Agenda is already done faster than even Ronald Reaga… 
Big legal win today US judge sided with the Trump Administration and rejected the attempt to stop the government… 
Such a beautiful map thank you! 
@SenatorWicker of Mississippi has been a great supporter and incredible help in getting our massive Tax Cut Bill d… 
Texas LC George P Bush backed me when it wasn’t the politically correct thing to do and I back him now Also AC… 
“American consumers are the most confident they've been since 2000A strong job market is boosting confidence T… 
I want to encourage all of my many Texas friends to vote in the primary for Governor Greg Abbott Senator Ted Cruz… 
WITCH HUNT!
“We’ve seen NO EVIDENCE OF COLLUSIONI have seen nothing the firing of James Comey and all of the aftermath th… 
“I’ve been skeptical about the collusion and obstruction claims for the last year I just don’t see the evidence… 
“He’s got a very good point Somebody in the Justice Department has a treasure trove of evidence of Mrs Clinton’s… 
RT @WhiteHouse: Merit-based immigration reform will benefit American workers and relieve the strain imposed by our current system on Federa…
RT @VollrathTammie: @realDonaldTrump @FoxNews 
RT @FoxNews: President @realDonaldTrump on Dem FISA memo: "A lot of bad things happened on the other side not on this side but the other…
RT @FoxNews: President @realDonaldTrump on DACA: "I'm the one that's pushing DACA and the Democrats are nowhere to be found" 
I will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 PM Enjoy!
“Congressman Schiff omitted and distorted key facts” @FoxNews  So what else is new He is a total phony!
“Russians had no compromising information on Donald Trump” @FoxNews  Of course not because there is none and neve… 
Dem Memo: FBI did not disclose who the clients were - the Clinton Campaign and the DNC Wow!
The Democrat memo response on government surveillance abuses is a total political and legal BUST Just confirms all… 
BIG CPAC STRAW POLL RESULTS: 93% APPROVE OF THE JOB PRESIDENT TRUMP IS DOING (Thank you!) 50% say President Trump… 
Dems are no longer talking DACA! “Out of sight out of mind” they say DACA beneficiaries should not be happy Nan… 
Unemployment claims are at the lowest level since 1973 Much of this has to do with the massive cutting of unnecess… 
Democrat judges have totally redrawn election lines in the great State of Pennsylvania @FoxNews This is very unfa… 
Armed Educators (and trusted people who work within a school) love our students and will protect them Very smart p… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health Raise age to 21 and end…
So true Wayne and Lowest black unemployment in history! 
Thank you to the great men and women of the United States @SecretService for a job well done!
Today @FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Prime Minister @TurnbullMalcolm and Mrs Turnbull of Australia… 
Our nation’s motto is IN GOD WE TRUST This week our nation lost an incredible leader who devoted his life to help… 
We salute our great American flag we put our hands on our hearts for the pledge of Allegiance and we all PROUDLY… 
After years of rebuilding OTHER nations we are finally rebuilding OUR nation - and we are restoring our confidence… 
For those of you who are still interested the Democrats have totally forgotten about DACA Not a lot of interest on this subject from them!
My daughter Ivanka just arrived in South Korea We cannot have a better or smarter person representing our country
CPAC Today!
MS-13 gang members are being removed by our Great ICE and Border Patrol Agents by the thousands but these killers… 
“School shooting survivor says he quit @CNN Town Hall after refusing scripted question” @TuckerCarlson Just like… 
Today it was my great honor to host a School Safety Roundtable at the @WhiteHouse with State and local leaders la… 
On behalf of an entire Nation CONGRATULATIONS to the US Women's Hockey Team on winning the GOLD! GoTeamUSA… 
Will be meeting with Lawmakers today at 11:30 AM to discuss School Safety  Next week it will be with our Nation’… 
What many people don’t understand or don’t want to understand is that Wayne Chris and the folks who work so hard… 
I will be strongly pushing Comprehensive Background Checks with an emphasis on Mental Health Raise age to 21 and e… 
If a potential “sicko shooter” knows that a school has a large number of very weapons talented teachers (and ot… 
History shows that a school shooting lasts on average 3 minutes It takes police &amp first responders approxima… 
immediately fire back if a savage sicko came to a school with bad intentions Highly trained teachers would als… 
I never said “give teachers guns” like was stated on Fake News @CNN &amp @NBC What I said was to look at the possibil… 
I will always remember the time I spent today with courageous students teachers and families So much love in the… 
@FLOTUS Melania and I join millions of people around the world in mourning the passing of Billy Graham Our prayer… 
Yesterday it was my great honor to recognize extraordinary Law Enforcement Officers and First Responders and to a… 
Question: If all of the Russian meddling took place during the Obama Administration right up to January 20th why… 
The GREAT Billy Graham is dead There was nobody like him! He will be missed by Christians and all religions A very special man
@CNN @MSNBC Whether we are Republican or Democrat we must now focus on strengthening Background Checks!
So true thank you! 
Bad ratings @CNN &amp @MSNBC got scammed when they covered the anti-Trump Russia rally wall-to-wall They probably kne… 
Main Street is BOOMING thanks to our incredible TAX CUT and Reform law "This shows small-business owners are more… 
cameras running Another False Accusation Why doesn’t @washingtonpost report the story of the women taking mon… 
A woman I don’t know and to the best of my knowledge never met is on the FRONT PAGE of the Fake News Washington… 
I have been much tougher on Russia than Obama just look at the facts Total Fake News!
Hope Republicans in the Great State of Pennsylvania challenge the new “pushed” Congressional Map all the way to th… 
Matt Schlapp and CPAC are getting ready for another exciting event Big difference from those days when President O… 
Republicans are now leading the Generic Poll perhaps because of the popular Tax Cuts which the Dems want to take a… 
The President Obama quote just before election That’s because he thought Crooked Hillary was going to win and… 
“There is no serious person out there who would suggest somehow that you could even rig America’s elections there’… 
Thank you to @foxandfriends for the great timeline on all of the failures the Obama Administration had against Russ… 
“The Faith of Donald Trump” a book just out by David Brody and Scott Lamb is a very interesting read Enjoy!
The US economy is looking very good in my opinion even better than anticipated Companies are pouring back into… 
@MittRomney has announced he is running for the Senate from the wonderful State of Utah He will make a great Sena… 
Obama was President up to and beyond the 2016 Election So why didn’t he do something about Russian meddling?
Have a great but very reflective President’s Day!
Just watched a very insecure Oprah Winfrey who at one point I knew very well interview a panel of people on 60 Mi… 
My great friends from NASCAR are having their big race today The Daytona 500 Brian France and the France family a… 
Thank you to KenStarr former Independent Counsel Whitewater for your insight and powerful words on FISA abuse R… 
Great Pollster John McLaughlin now has the GOP up in the Generic Congressional Ballot Big gain over last 4 weeks… 
The Fake News of big ratings loser CNN 
If it was the GOAL of Russia to create discord disruption and chaos within the US then with all of the Committe… 
RT @mikepence: Big night Largest-ever Dallas County GOP Reagan Day Dinner As I told the crowd under President @realDonaldTrump: Promise…
Now that Adam Schiff is starting to blame President Obama for Russian meddling in the election he is probably doin… 
I never said Russia did not meddle in the election I said “it may be Russia or China or another country or group… 
Finally Liddle’ Adam Schiff the leakin’ monster of no control is now blaming the Obama Administration for Russia… 
Never gotten over the fact that Obama was able to send $17 Billion Dollars in CASH to Iran and nobody in Congress… 
General McMaster forgot to say that the results of the 2016 election were not impacted or changed by the Russians a… 
Very sad that the FBI missed all of the many signals sent out by the Florida school shooter This is not acceptable… 
Just like they don’t want to solve the DACA problem why didn’t the Democrats pass gun control legislation when the… 
“I have seen all of the Russian ads and I can say very definitively that swaying the election was *NOT* the main go… 
The Fake News Media never fails Hard to ignore this fact from the Vice President of Facebook Ads Rob Goldman! 
Funny how the Fake News Media doesn’t want to say that the Russian group was formed in 2014 long before my run for… 
Deputy AG Rod Rosenstein stated at the News Conference: “There is no allegation in the indictment that any Americ… 
“Charges Deal Don A Big Win” written by Michael Goodwin of the @nypost succinctly states that “the Russians had n… 
Melania and I met such incredible people last night in Broward County Florida Will never forget them or the evening!
Our entire Nation w/one heavy heart continues to pray for the victims &amp their families in Parkland FL To teache… 
Russia started their anti-US campaign in 2014 long before I announced that I would run for President The results… 
Cannot believe how BADLY DACA recipients have been treated by the Democratstotally abandoned! Republicans are still working hard
I will be leaving for Florida today to meet with some of the bravest people on earth - but people whose lives have… 
Presidential Proclamation Honoring the Victims of the Tragedy in Parkland Florida:  
lottery continues deadly catch-and-release and bars enforcement even for FUTURE illegal immigrants Voting for… 
The Schumer-Rounds-Collins immigration bill would be a total catastrophe @DHSgov says it would be “the end of immi… 
RT @SpoxDHS: Schumer-Rounds-Collins destroys the ability of @DHSgov to enforce immigration laws creating a mass amnesty for over 10 millio…
In times of tragedy the bonds that sustain us are those of family faith community and country These bonds are… 
While the Republicans and Democrats in Congress are working hard to come up with a solution to DACA they should be… 
So many signs that the Florida shooter was mentally disturbed even expelled from school for bad and erratic behavi… 
Just spoke to Governor Rick Scott We are working closely with law enforcement on the terrible Florida school shooting
My prayers and condolences to the families of the victims of the terrible Florida shooting No child teacher or an… 
Today I was honored to be joined by Republicans and Democrats from both the House and Senate as well as members o… 
As we come together to celebrate the extraordinary contributions of African-Americans to our nation our thoughts t… 
Negotiations on DACA have begun Republicans want to make a deal and Democrats say they want to make a deal Wouldn… 
Our infrastructure plan has been put forward and has received great reviews by everyone except of course the Demo… 
The journey to MAGA began @CPAC 2011 and the opportunity to reconnect with friends and supporters is something I l… 
Thank you to Sue Kruczek who lost her wonderful and talented son Nick to the Opioid scourge for your kind words w… 
This will be a big week for Infrastructure After so stupidly spending $7 trillion in the Middle East it is now ti… 
Just spoke to @JohnKasich to express condolences and prayers to all for the horrible shooting of two great police o… 
Rep Lou Barletta a Great Republican from Pennsylvania who was one of my very earliest supporters will make a FAN… 
42 million hard working Americans have already received a large Bonus and/or Pay Increase because of our recently… 
So many positive things going on for the USA and the Fake News Media just doesn’t want to go there Same negativ… 
My Administration has identified three major priorities for creating a safe modern and lawful immigration system:… 
My thoughts and prayers are with the two police officers their families and everybody at the @WestervillePD 
Republicans want to fix DACA far more than the Democrats do The Dems had all three branches of government back in… 
agencies not just the FBI &amp DOJ now the State Department to dig up dirt on him in the days leading up to the… 
“My view is that not only has Trump been vindicated in the last several weeks about the mishandling of the Dossier… 
Peoples lives are being shattered and destroyed by a mere allegation Some are true and some are false Some are ol… 
According to the @nytimes a Russian sold phony secrets on “Trump” to the US Asking price was $10 million brough… 
The Democrats sent a very political and long response memo which they knew because of sources and methods (and mor… 
Jobless claims have dropped to a 45 year low!
Costs on non-military lines will never come down if we do not elect more Republicans in the 2018 Election and beyo… 
Without more Republicans in Congress we were forced to increase spending on things we do not like or want in order… 
Just signed Bill Our Military will now be stronger than ever before We love and need our Military and gave them e… 
Wow! -Senator Mark Warner got caught having extensive contact with a lobbyist for a Russian oligarch Warner did no… 
Time to end the visa lottery Congress must secure the immigration system and protect Americans 
As long as we open our eyes to God’s grace - and open our hearts to God’s love - then America will forever be the l… 
I will be meeting with Henry Kissinger at 1:45pm Will be discussing North Korea China and the Middle East
Our founders invoked our Creator four times in the Declaration of Independence Our currency declares “IN GOD WE TR… 
Will be heading over shortly to make remarks at The National Prayer Breakfast in Washington Great religious and po… 
The Budget Agreement today is so important for our great Military It ends the dangerous sequester and gives Secret… 
Congratulations to the Republic of Korea on what will be a MAGNIFICENT Winter Olympics! What the South Korean peopl… 
Best wishes to the Republic of Korea on hosting the @Olympics! What a wonderful opportunity to show everyone that y… 
NEW FBI TEXTS ARE BOMBSHELLS!
In the “old days” when good news was reported the Stock Market would go up Today when good news is reported th… 
Congratulations @ElonMusk and @SpaceX on the successful FalconHeavy launch This achievement along with @NASA’s c… 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our 40th President of the United States of America Ronald Reagan! 
Today we heard the experiences of law enforcement professionals and community leaders working to combat the threat… 
We need a 21st century MERIT-BASED immigration system  Chain migration and the visa lottery are outdated programs… 
Polling shows nearly 7 in 10 Americans support an immigration reform package that includes DACA fully secures the… 
My prayers and best wishes are with the family of Edwin Jackson a wonderful young man whose life was so senselessly taken @Colts
So disgraceful that a person illegally in our country killed @Colts linebacker Edwin Jackson This is just one of m… 
Thanks to the historic TAX CUTS that I signed into law your paychecks are going way UP your taxes are going way D… 
Representative Devin Nunes a man of tremendous courage and grit may someday be recognized as a Great American Her… 
Any deal on DACA that does not include STRONG border security and the desperately needed WALL is a total waste of t… 
Little Adam Schiff who is desperate to run for higher office is one of the biggest liars and leakers in Washingto… 
Thank you to @foxandfriends for exposing the truth Perhaps that’s why your ratings are soooo much better than your untruthful competition!
The Democrats are pushing for Universal HealthCare while thousands of people are marching in the UK because their U… 
Congratulations to the Philadelphia Eagles on a great Super Bowl victory!
My thoughts and prayers are with all of the victims involved in this mornings train collision in South Carolina Th… 
a tool of anti-Trump political actors This is unacceptable in a democracy and ought to alarm anyone who wants t… 
“The four page memo released Friday reports the disturbing fact about how the FBI and FISA appear to have been used… 
Great jobs numbers and finally after many years rising wages- and nobody even talks about them Only Russia Russ… 
This memo totally vindicates “Trump” in probe But the Russian Witch Hunt goes on and on Their was no Collusion an… 
Rasmussen just announced that my approval rating jumped to 49% a far better number than I had in winning the Elect… 
RT @EricTrump: MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
RT @EricTrump: 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
Today it was my honor to join the great men and women of @DHSgov @CustomsBorder @ICEgov and @USCIS at the US C… 
“Trump the orator outlines the greatness of America to Democrats’ disgust” 
With 35 million Americans receiving bonuses or other benefits from their employers as a result of TAX CUTS 2018 i… 
“You had Hillary Clinton and the Democratic Party try to hide the fact that they gave money to GPS Fusion to create… 
The top Leadership and Investigators of the FBI and the Justice Department have politicized the sacred investigativ… 
The Democrats just aren’t calling about DACA Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer have to get moving fast or they’ll di… 
Thank you for all of the nice compliments and reviews on the State of the Union speech 456 million people watched… 
March 5th is rapidly approaching and the Democrats are doing nothing about DACA They Resist Blame Complain and O… 
Heading to beautiful West Virginia to be with great members of the Republican Party Will be planning Infrastructur… 
Join me live for the SOTU

Congratulations to America’s new Secretary of @HHSGov Alex Azar! 
Our economy is better than it has been in many decades Businesses are coming back to America like never before Ch… 
Somebody please inform Jay-Z that because of my policies Black Unemployment has just been reported to be at the LOWEST RATE EVER RECORDED!
Democrats are not interested in Border Safety &amp Security or in the funding and rebuilding of our Military They are… 
I have offered DACA a wonderful deal including a doubling in the number of recipients &amp a twelve year pathway to c… 
Taliban targeted innocent Afghans brave police in Kabul today Our thoughts and prayers go to the victims and fir… 
On Holocaust Remembrance Day we mourn and grieve the murder of 6 million innocent Jewish men women and children a… 
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for his strong statement on @foxandfriends that we… 
Thank you for the wonderful welcome @WEF! Davos2018 
DACA has been made increasingly difficult by the fact that Cryin’ Chuck Schumer took such a beating over the shutdo… 
Heading back from a very exciting two days in Davos Switzerland Speech on America’s economic revival was well rec… 
Join me live at the 2018 World Economic Forum in Davos Switzerland! WEF18  
Great bilateral meeting with President @AlainBerset of the Swiss Confederation - as we continue to strengthen our… 
It was an honor to meet with Republic of Rwanda President Paul Kagame this morning in Davos Switzerland Many grea… 
Will be interviewed on  @SquawkCNBC by @JoeSquawk coming up at 6:00amE from Davos Switzerland Enjoy! WEF18 
Today Americans everywhere remember the brave men and women of @NASA who lost their lives in our Nation’s eternal… 
Very productive bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Benjamin @Netanyahu of Israel - in Davos Switzerland! WEF18 
Great bilateral meeting with Prime Minister Theresa May of the United Kingdom affirming the special relationship a… 
Will soon be heading to Davos Switzerland to tell the world how great America is and is doing Our economy is now… 
It was my great honor to welcome Mayor’s from across America to the WH My Administration will always support local… 
Earlier today I spoke with @GovMattBevin of Kentucky regarding yesterday’s shooting at Marshall County High School… 
Tremendous investment by companies from all over the world being made in America There has never been anything lik… 
Cryin’ Chuck Schumer fully understands especially after his humiliating defeat that if there is no Wall there is… 
Where are the 50000 important text messages between FBI lovers Lisa Page and Peter Strzok?  Blaming Samsung!
Thank you to General John Kelly who is doing a fantastic job and all of the Staff and others in the White House… 
Nobody knows for sure that the Republicans &amp Democrats will be able to reach a deal on DACA by February 8 but ever… 
In one of the biggest stories in a long time the FBI now says it is missing five months worth of lovers Strzok-Pag… 
Even Crazy Jim Acosta of Fake News CNN agrees: “Trump World and WH sources dancing in end zone: Trump wins again… 
Big win for Republicans as Democrats cave on Shutdown Now I want a big win for everyone including Republicans De… 
End the Democrats Obstruction! 
Democrats have shut down our government in the interests of their far left base They don’t want to do it but are powerless!
The Democrats are turning down services and security for citizens in favor of services and security for non-citizens Not good!
Thank you to Brad Blakeman on @FoxNews for grading year one of my presidency with an “A”-and likewise to Doug Schoe… 
Great to see how hard Republicans are fighting for our Military and Safety at the Border The Dems just want illega… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration Can’t let that hap…
RT @FoxNews: @EricTrump: "My father was elected for one reason and that's because he actually believes in putting America first which is…
RT @FoxNews: @KellyannePolls: "Since @POTUS took office 863000 new jobs were filled by women Over half a million American women have en…
RT @FoxNews: @davidwebbshow: "Let's look at the calendar It's January 20th DACA expires on March 5th That means this was a construct of…
RT @FoxNews: @EricTrump: "People have seen a year that's incredible that's been filled with nothing but the best for our country America…
Eric Trump on @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews now!
The Trump Administration has terminated more UNNECESSARY Regulation in just twelve months than any other Administ… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our danger…
Unprecedented success for our Country in so many ways since the Election Record Stock Market Strong on Military… 
Beautiful weather all over our great country a perfect day for all Women to March Get out there now to celebrate… 
Democrats are holding our Military hostage over their desire to have unchecked illegal immigration Can’t let that happen!
AMERICA FIRST!
For those asking the Republicans only have 51 votes in the Senate and they need 60 That is why we need to win mo… 
This is the One Year Anniversary of my Presidency and the Democrats wanted to give me a nice present DemocratShutdown
Democrats are far more concerned with Illegal Immigrants than they are with our great Military or Safety at our dan… 
Not looking good for our great Military or Safety &amp Security on the very dangerous Southern Border Dems want a Shu… 
Excellent preliminary meeting in Oval with @SenSchumer - working on solutions for Security and our great Military t… 
Just signed 702 Bill to reauthorize foreign intelligence collection This is NOT the same FISA law that was so wron… 
Today I was honored and proud to address the 45th Annual @MarchforLife! You are living witnesses of this year’s… 
“Shutting down the government is a very serious thing People die accidents happen I don’t know how I would vote… 
@WhiteHouse Briefing with Director Marc Short and Director Mick Mulvaney

Government Funding Bill past last night in the House of Representatives Now Democrats are needed if it is to pass… 
House of Representatives needs to pass Government Funding Bill tonight So important for our country - our Military needs it!
AMERICA will once again be a NATION that thinks big dreams bigger and always reaches for the stars YOU are the o… 
Departing Pittsburgh now where it was my great honor to stand with our incredible workers and to show the world t… 
A government shutdown will be devastating to our militarysomething the Dems care very little about!
CHIP should be part of a long term solution not a 30 Day or short term extension!
We need the Wall for the safety and security of our country We need the Wall to help stop the massive inflow of dr… 
Will be going to Pennsylvania today in order to give my total support to RICK SACCONE running for Congress in a Sp… 
The Wall will be paid for directly or indirectly or through longer term reimbursement by Mexico which has a… 
The Wall is the Wall it has never changed or evolved from the first day I conceived of it Parts will be of neces… 
ISIS is in retreat our economy is booming investments and jobs are pouring back into the country and so much mor… 
Despite some very corrupt and dishonest media coverage there are many great reporters I respect and lots of GOOD N… 
And the FAKE NEWS winners are

Main Street is BACK! Strongest Holiday Sales bump since the Great Recession -- beating forecasts by BILLIONS OF DOL… 
During the campaign I promised to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN by bringing businesses and jobs back to our country I… 
I promised that my policies would allow companies like Apple to bring massive amounts of money back to the United S… 
Today we witnessed an incredible moment in history – the presentation of Congress’ highest civilian honor to our f… 
Eric Trump on @foxandfriends  now!
we need to keep America safe including moving away from a random chain migration and lottery system to one th… 
New report from DOJ &amp DHS shows that nearly 3 in 4 individuals convicted of terrorism-related charges are foreign-b… 
Today it was my honor to welcome President Nursultan Nazarbayev of Kazakhstan to the @WhiteHouse! 
“President Donald J Trump Proclaims January 16 2018 as Religious Freedom Day” 
Unemployment for Black Americans is the lowest ever recorded Trump approval ratings with Black Americans has doubl… 
“90% of Trump 2017 news coverage was negative” -and much of it contrived!@foxandfriends
Do you notice the Fake News Mainstream Media never likes covering the great and record setting economic news but r… 
The Democrats want to shut down the Government over Amnesty for all and Border Security The biggest loser will be… 
We must have Security at our VERY DANGEROUS SOUTHERN BORDER and we must have a great WALL to help protect us and… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting Deals can’t get made when there is no t…
RT @realDonaldTrump: DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately needed m…
RT @realDonaldTrump: I as President want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again people co…
RT @realDonaldTrump: big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things) “President Trump reversed the poli…
RT @realDonaldTrump: “President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2000000 workers…
RT @EricTrump: I will be always be incredibly proud of my work for @StJude raising $163+ million dollars over the last 10 years at a 92%…
RT @EricTrump: MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
RT @Heritage: We had a special visitor yesterday @IvankaTrump thank you for meeting with @KayColesJames spending time with our team and…
Senator Dicky Durbin totally misrepresented what was said at the DACA meeting Deals can’t get made when there is n… 
RT @WhiteHouse: "Dr King's dream is our dream It is the American Dream It's the promise stitched into the fabric of our Nation etched i…
to stop drugs they want to take money away from our military which we cannot do” My standard is very simple A… 
Statement by me last night in Florida: “Honestly I don’t think the Democrats want to make a deal They talk about… 
big unnecessary regulation cuts made it all possible” (among many other things) “President Trump reversed the p… 
“President Trump is not getting the credit he deserves for the economy Tax Cut bonuses to more than 2000000 work… 
I as President want people coming into our Country who are going to help us become strong and great again people… 
DACA is probably dead because the Democrats don’t really want it they just want to talk and take desperately neede… 
RT @realDonaldTrump: So much Fake News is being reported They don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong They prom…
and they knew exactly what I said and meant They just wanted a story FAKE NEWS!
The Wall Street Journal stated falsely that I said to them “I have a good relationship with Kim Jong Un” (of N Kor… 
RT @paulsperry: 
RT @paulsperry: Fusion GPS firm behind disputed Russia dossier retracts its claim of FBI mole in Trump camp

RT @JackPosobiec: Dick Durbin called Trump racist for wanting to end chain migration 

Here's a video of Dick Durbin calling for an end to…
RT @LouDobbs: The stock market has gained an incredible 78 Trillion dollars in market value since @POTUS was elected! Looks like 4% econom…
So much Fake News is being reported They don’t even try to get it right or correct it when they are wrong They p… 
I don’t believe the Democrats really want to see a deal on DACA They are all talk and no action This is the time… 
AMERICA FIRST!
The Democrats are all talk and no action They are doing nothing to fix DACA Great opportunity missed Too bad!
Yesterday was a big day for the stock market Jobs are coming back to America Chrysler is coming back to the USA… 
Today it was my great honor to proclaim January 15 2018 as Martin Luther King Jr Federal Holiday I encourage… 
Never said anything derogatory about Haitians other than Haiti is obviously a very poor and troubled country Nev… 
Sadly Democrats want to stop paying our troops and government workers in order to give a sweetheart deal not a fa… 
The language used by me at the DACA meeting was tough but this was not the language used What was really tough wa… 
Because of the Democrats not being interested in life and safety DACA has now taken a big step backwards The… 
countries which are doing badly I want a merit based system of immigration and people who will help take our c… 
The so-called bipartisan DACA deal presented yesterday to myself and a group of Republican Senators and Congressmen… 
Reason I canceled my trip to London is that I am not a big fan of the Obama Administration having sold perhaps the… 
The Democrats seem intent on having people and drugs pour into our country from the Southern Border risking thousa… 
Democrat Dianne Feinstein should never have released secret committee testimony to the public without authorization… 
Chrysler is moving a massive plant from Mexico to Michigan reversing a years long opposite trend Thank you Chrysl… 
More great news as a result of historical Tax Cuts and Reform: Fiat Chrysler announces plan to invest more than $1… 
Small Business Poll has highest approval numbers in the polls history All business is just at the beginning of something really special!
Thank you Adam Levine The Federalist in interview on @foxandfriends  “Donald Trump is the greatest President our Country has ever seen”
Yesterday I signed the INTERDICTAct (HR 2142) with bipartisan members of Congress to help end the flow of drugs… 
Great news as a result of our TAX CUTS &amp JOBS ACT! 
With that being said I have personally directed the fix to the unmasking process since taking office and today’s v… 
“45 year low in illegal immigration this year” @foxandfriends
“House votes on controversial FISA ACT today” This is the act that may have been used with the help of the discre… 
In new Quinnipiac Poll 66% of people feel the economy is “Excellent or Good” That is the highest number ever recorded by this poll
Disproven and paid for by Democrats “Dossier used to spy on Trump Campaign Did FBI use Intel tool to influence the… 
Good news: Toyota and Mazda announce giant new Huntsville Alabama plant which will produce over 300000 cars and… 
Cutting taxes and simplifying regulations makes America the place to invest! Great news as Toyota and Mazda announc… 
The United States needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval T… 
Today it was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Erna Solberg of Norway to the @WhiteHouse - a great friend a… 
I want to thank my @Cabinet for working tirelessly on behalf of our country 2017 was a year of monumental achievem… 
The single greatest Witch Hunt in American history continues There was no collusion everybody including the Dems… 
The fact that Sneaky Dianne Feinstein who has on numerous occasions stated that collusion between Trump/Russia has… 
It just shows everyone how broken and unfair our Court System is when the opposing side in a case (such as DACA) al… 
@ICEgov HSI agents and ERO officers on behalf of an entire Nation THANK YOU for what you are doing 24/7/365 to k… 
Thank you @GOPLeader Kevin McCarthy! Couldn’t agree w/you more TOGETHER we are MAGA🇺🇸 
As I made very clear today our country needs the security of the Wall on the Southern Border which must be part of any DACA approval
RT @Scavino45: “Utilities cutting rates cite benefits of Trump tax reform” 
Today it was my great honor to sign a new Executive Order to ensure Veterans have the resources they need as they… 
Thanks to all of the Republican and Democratic lawmakers for today’s very productive meeting on immigration reform… 
It was my great honor to sign HR 267 the “Martin Luther King Jr National Historical Park Act” which redesigna… 
On behalf of the American people THANK YOU to our incredible law enforcement officers As President of the United… 
We are fighting for our farmers for our country and for our GREAT AMERICAN FLAG We want our flag respected - and… 
In every decision we make we are honoring America’s PROUD FARMING LEGACY Years of crushing taxes crippling regs… 
We have been working every day to DELIVER for America’s Farmers just as they work every day to deliver FOR US… 
Can’t wait to be back in the amazing state of Tennessee to address the 99th American @FarmBureau Federation’s Annua… 
African American unemployment is the lowest ever recorded in our country The Hispanic unemployment rate dropped a… 
Clinton in the WH doubling down on Barack Obama’s failed policies washes away any doubts that America made the… 
“His is turning out to be an enormously consequential presidency So much so that despite my own frustration over… 
The Stock Market has been creating tremendous benefits for our country in the form of not only Record Setting Stock… 
The Fake News Awards those going to the most corrupt &amp biased of the Mainstream Media will be presented to the lo… 
Jake Tapper of Fake News CNN just got destroyed in his interview with Stephen Miller of the Trump Administration W… 
I’ve had to put up with the Fake News from the first day I announced that I would be running for President Now I h… 
Leaving Camp David for the White House Great meetings with the Cabinet and Military on many very important subject… 
to President of the United States (on my first try) I think that would qualify as not smart but geniusand… 
Actually throughout my life my two greatest assets have been mental stability and being like really smart… 
Now that Russian collusion after one year of intense study has proven to be a total hoax on the American public… 
Brian Ross the reporter who made a fraudulent live newscast about me that drove the Stock Market down 350 points (… 
The African American unemployment rate fell to 68% the lowest rate in 45 years I am so happy about this News! An… 
Michael Wolff is a total loser who made up stories in order to sell this really boring and untruthful book He used… 
Good idea Rand! 
The Mercer Family recently dumped the leaker known as Sloppy Steve Bannon Smart!
Well now that collusion with Russia is proving to be a total hoax and the only collusion is with Hillary Clinton a… 
Dow goes from 18589 on November 9 2016 to 25075 today for a new all-time Record Jumped 1000 points in last 5… 
The Fake News Media barely mentions the fact that the Stock Market just hit another New Record and that business in… 
I authorized Zero access to White House (actually turned him down many times) for author of phony book! I never spo… 
MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you to the great Republican Senators who showed up to our mtg on immigration reform We must BUILD THE WALL… 
Dow just crashes through 25000 Congrats! Big cuts in unnecessary regulations continuing
So beautifulShow this picture to the NFL players who still kneel! 
With all of the failed “experts” weighing in does anybody really believe that talks and dialogue would be going on… 
As Americans you need identification sometimes in a very strong and accurate form for almost everything you do… 
Many mostly Democrat States refused to hand over data from the 2016 Election to the Commission On Voter Fraud They… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Stock Market had another good day but now that the Tax Cut Bill has passed we have tremendous upward potential D… 
“Some 40 US companies have responded to President Trump’s tax cut and reform victory in Congress last year by han… 
Melania and I are deeply saddened by the death of Thomas S Monson a beloved President of the Church of Jesus Chri… 
Such respect for the people of Iran as they try to take back their corrupt government You will see great support f… 
“President Trump has something now he didn’t have a year ago that is a set of accomplishments that nobody can deny… 
I will be announcing THE MOST DISHONEST &amp CORRUPT MEDIA AWARDS OF THE YEAR on Monday at 5:00 o’clock Subjects will… 
North Korean Leader Kim Jong Un just stated that the “Nuclear Button is on his desk at all times” Will someone fro… 
peace treaty with Israel We have taken Jerusalem the toughest part of the negotiation off the table but Isra… 
It's not only Pakistan that we pay billions of dollars to for nothing but also many other countries and others A… 
Congratulations to Senator Orrin Hatch on an absolutely incredible career He has been a tremendous supporter and… 
We will not rest until all of America’s GREAT VETERANS can receive the care they so richly deserve Tremendous prog… 
Democrats are doing nothing for DACA - just interested in politics  DACA activists and Hispanics will go hard agai… 
impartial journalists of a much higher standard lose all of your phony and non-existent “sources” and treat t… 
The Failing New York Times has a new publisher AG Sulzberger Congratulations! Here is a last chance for the Tim… 
Since taking office I have been very strict on Commercial Aviation Good news - it was just reported that there wer… 
Sanctions and “other” pressures are beginning to have a big impact on North Korea Soldiers are dangerously fleeing… 
Companies are giving big bonuses to their workers because of the Tax Cut Bill Really great!
Thank you to Brandon Judd of the National Border Patrol Council for your kind words on how well we are doing at the… 
Crooked Hillary Clinton’s top aid Huma Abedin has been accused of disregarding basic security protocols She put… 
The people of Iran are finally acting against the brutal and corrupt Iranian regime All of the money that Presiden… 
Will be leaving Florida for Washington (DC) today at 4:00 PM Much work to be done but it will be a great New Year!
Iran is failing at every level despite the terrible deal made with them by the Obama Administration The great Iran… 
The United States has foolishly given Pakistan more than 33 billion dollars in aid over the last 15 years and they… 
HAPPY NEW YEAR! We are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN and much faster than anyone thought possible!
As our Country rapidly grows stronger and smarter I want to wish all of my friends supporters enemies haters a… 
Iran the Number One State of Sponsored Terror with numerous violations of Human Rights occurring on an hourly basi… 
What a year it’s been and we're just getting started Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! Happy New Year!! 
My deepest condolences to the victims of the terrible shooting in Douglas County @DCSheriff and their families We… 
Why would smart voters want to put Democrats in Congress in 2018 Election when their policies will totally kill the… 
If the Dems (Crooked Hillary) got elected your stocks would be down 50% from values on Election Day Now they have… 
Big protests in Iran The people are finally getting wise as to how their money and wealth is being stolen and squa… 
“Trump Rally: Stocks put 2017 in the record books” 
Jobs are kicking in and companies are coming back to the US Unnecessary regulations and high taxes are being dram… 
I use Social Media not because I like to but because it is the only way to fight a VERY dishonest and unfair “pres… 
On Taxes: “This is the biggest corporate rate cut ever going back to the corporate income tax rate of roughly 80 y… 
Oppressive regimes cannot endure forever and the day will come when the Iranian people will face a choice The wor… 
The entire world understands that the good people of Iran want change and other than the vast military power of t… 
Many reports of peaceful protests by Iranian citizens fed up with regime’s corruption &amp its squandering of the nati… 
The Democrats have been told and fully understand that there can be no DACA without the desperately needed WALL a… 
Why is the United States Post Office which is losing many billions of dollars a year while charging Amazon and ot… 
RT @charliekirk11: Incredible video: @CBS does a special on the GOP tax plan 

The result?

Every middle class family they sat down with SA…
RT @charliekirk11: ISIS getting slaughtered: 

Square miles liberated from ISIS
Trump: 26000 --  Obama: 13200

Total Square miles held by…
RT @FoxBusiness: @charliekirk11: "What this president has done is truly historic and if a Democrat president achieved 1/10th of what @POT…
RT @charliekirk11: 3 big wins in 2017 you won't hear:

Trump confirmed the most circuit court judges ever in a President's 1st year (all co…
While the Fake News loves to talk about my so-called low approval rating @foxandfriends just showed that my rating… 
In the East it could be the COLDEST New Year’s Eve on record Perhaps we could use a little bit of that good old G… 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
RT @realDonaldTrump: “Arrests of MS-13 Members Associates Up 83% Under Trump” 

RT @DanScavino: Congratulations to the 2017 @PinstripeBowl (Yankee Stadium) Champions Iowa @HawkeyeFootball! 
RT @EricTrump: ThrowbackThursdays 
@realDonaldTrump 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
RT @IvankaTrump: “The Trump economy is booming” One thing @realDonaldTrump “has done that has received little attention despite arguably d…
I've been saying it for a long long time NoKo 
Caught RED HANDED - very disappointed that China is allowing oil to go into North Korea There will never be a frie… 
Retail sales are at record numbers We’ve got the economy going better than anyone ever dreamt - and you haven’t seen anything yet!
Vanity Fair which looks like it is on its last legs is bending over backwards in apologizing for the minor hit th… 
“Arrests of MS-13 Members Associates Up 83% Under Trump” 

“On 1/20 - the day Trump was inaugurated - an estimated 35000 ISIS fighters held approx 17500 square miles of ter… 
Just left West Palm Beach Fire &amp Rescue 2 Met with great men and women as representatives of those who do so much… 
All signs are that business is looking really good for next year only to be helped further by our Tax Cut Bill Wi… 
WOW @foxandfrlends  “Dossier is bogus Clinton Campaign DNC funded Dossier FBI CANNOT (after all of this time) V… 
Based on the fact that the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate has been terminated as part of our Tax Cut… 
I hope everyone is having a great Christmas then tomorrow it’s back to work in order to Make America Great Again (… 
RT @EricTrump: We should all take a moment to say a prayer for those who paid the ultimate price  — Their bravery and sacrifice allows us t…
MERRY CHRISTMAS!!! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS!! 
People are proud to be saying Merry Christmas again I am proud to have led the charge against the assault of our c… 
The Tax Cut/Reform Bill including Massive Alaska Drilling and the Repeal of the highly unpopular Individual Mandat… 
The Fake News refuses to talk about how Big and how Strong our BASE is They show Fake Polls just like they report… 
RT @shawgerald4: @realDonaldTrump Thank you President TRUMP!! 
@FoxNews-FBI’s Andrew McCabe “in addition to his wife getting all of this money from M (Clinton Puppet) he was u… 
Remember the Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional races this year In Senate I said Roy M would lose in Alabama a… 
The Stock Market is setting record after record and unemployment is at a 17 year low So many things accomplished b… 
Wow “FBI lawyer James Baker reassigned” according to @FoxNews
FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe is racing the clock to retire with full benefits 90 days to go?!!!
How can FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe the man in charge along with leakin’ James Comey of the Phony Hillary… 
RT @EricTrump: JournalismIsDead  
Remember the most hated part of ObamaCare is the Individual Mandate which is being terminated under our just signed Tax Cut Bill
Today it was my great honor to sign the largest TAX CUTS and reform in the history of our country Full remarks:… 
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 in favor of additional Sanctions on North Korea The World wants Peace not Death!
Congressman Ron DeSantis is a brilliant young leader Yale and then Harvard Law who would make a GREAT Governor of… 
95% of Americans will pay less or at worst the same amount of taxes (mostly far less) The Dems only want to raise your taxes!
Will be signing the biggest ever Tax Cut and Reform Bill in 30 minutes in Oval Office Will also be signing a much… 
With all my Administration has done on Legislative Approvals (broke Harry Truman’s Record) Regulation Cutting Jud… 
“The President has accomplished some absolutely historic things during this past year” Thank you Charlie Kirk of T… 
At some point and for the good of the country I predict we will start working with the Democrats in a Bipartisan… 
So true! 
Our big and very popular Tax Cut and Reform Bill has taken on an unexpected new source of “love” - that is big comp… 
THANK YOU to everyone who joined me at the @WhiteHouse yesterday Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!… 
House Democrats want a SHUTDOWN for the holidays in order to distract from the very popular just passed Tax Cuts… 
Home Sales hit BEST numbers in 10 years! MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN
Was @foxandfriends just named the most influential show in news? You deserve it - three great people! The many Fake… 
The Massive Tax Cuts which the Fake News Media is desperate to write badly about so as to please their Democrat bo… 
WE ARE MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
We are delivering HISTORIC TAX RELIEF for the American people!
TaxCutsandJobsAct 
Together we are MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I would like to congratulate @SenateMajLdr on having done a fantastic job both strategically &amp politically on the p… 
The Tax Cuts are so large and so meaningful and yet the Fake News is working overtime to follow the lead of their… 
The United States Senate just passed the biggest in history Tax Cut and Reform Bill Terrible Individual Mandate (O… 
Congratulations to Paul Ryan Kevin McCarthy Kevin Brady Steve Scalise Cathy McMorris Rodgers and all great Hous… 
A  story in the @washingtonpost that I was close to “rescinding” the nomination of Justice Gorsuch prior to confirm… 
Stocks and the economy have a long way to go after the Tax Cut Bill is totally understood and appreciated in scope… 
DOW RISES 5000 POINTS ON THE YEAR FOR THE FIRST TIME EVER - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Together our task is to strengthen our families to build up our communities to serve our citizens and to celebr… 
With the strategy that I announced today we are declaring that AMERICA is in the game and AMERICA is DETERMINED to… 
70 Record Closes for the Dow so far this year! We have NEVER had 70 Dow Records in a one year period Wow!
Thank you Maria B! 
So true Ivanka! 
As the world watches we are days away from passing HISTORIC TAX CUTS for American families and businesses It will… 
When the American People speak ALL OF US should listen Just over one year ago you spoke loud and clear On Novem… 
Over the past 11 months I have travelled tens of thousands of miles to visit 13 countries I have met with more t… 
Our deepest sympathies and most heartfelt prayers are with the victims of the train derailment in Washington State… 
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone involved in the train accident in DuPont Washington Thank you to all of… 
The train accident that just occurred in DuPont WA shows more than ever why our soon to be submitted infrastructur… 
Ivanka Trump will be interviewed on @foxandfriends
Remember Republicans are 5-0 in Congressional Races this year The media refuses to mention this I said Gillespie… 
More than a century after conquering flight the WrightBrothers continue to motivate &amp inspire Americans who neve… 
Wonderful weekend at Camp David A very special place A lot of very important work done Heading back to the… 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive TAX CUT for the everyday working American families who are the b… 
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
TAX CUTS will increase investment in the American economy and in US workers leading to higher growth higher wag… 
Congratulations to two great and hardworking guys Corey Lewandowski and David Bossie on the success of their just… 
Great job Kevin we are all proud of you! 
RT @RepKristiNoem: A lot of tough decisions got us to this point but we’re closer than we’ve been in 30+ years to a fairer tax code that k…
RT @SpeakerRyan: For individuals and families the final Tax Cuts &amp Jobs Act:
✔lowers individual taxes
✔nearly doubles the standard deducti…
RT @PressSec: @POTUS historic tax cuts + doubling of the child tax credit will do infinitely more to empower working moms than liberals' p…
DOW S&ampP 500 and NASDAQ close at record highs! MAGA 
Today it was my tremendous honor to visit Marine Helicopter Squadron One (HMX-1) at the Marine Corps Air Facility… 
You are always there for us – THE MEN AND WOMEN IN BLUE

Thank you to our police thank you to our sheriffs and t… 
To each member of the graduating class from the National Academy at Quantico CONGRATULATIONS! 
It was my honor THANK YOU! 
RT @GOPChairwoman: @realDonaldTrump is the Paycheck President Learn how the tax bill will put more money in your pocket &amp how to contact…
“Manufacturing Optimism Rose to Another All-Time High in the Latest @ShopFloorNAM Outlook Survey” 
In 1960 there were approximately 20000 pages in the Code of Federal Regulations Today there are over 185000 pag… 
When Americans are free to thrive innovate &amp prosper there is no challenge too great no task too large &amp no go… 
Today we gathered in the Roosevelt Room for one single reason: to CUT THE RED TAPE! For many decades an ever-grow… 
As a candidate I promised we would pass a massive tax cut for the everyday working Americans If you make your vo… 
Republican Tax Cuts are looking very good All are working hard In the meantime the Stock Market hit another record high!
Thank you Omarosa for your service! I wish you continued success
If last night’s election proved anything it proved that we need to put up GREAT Republican candidates to increase… 
Wow more than 90% of Fake News Media coverage of me is negative with numerous forced retractions of untrue storie… 
The reason I originally endorsed Luther Strange (and his numbers went up mightily) is that I said Roy Moore will n… 
Congratulations to Doug Jones on a hard fought victory The write-in votes played a very big factor but a win is a… 
Wishing all of those celebrating Hanukkah around the world a happy and healthy eight nights in the company of thos… 
Consumer Confidence is at an All-Time High along with a Record High Stock Market Unemployment is at a 17 year low… 
The people of Alabama will do the right thing Doug Jones is Pro-Abortion weak on Crime Military and Illegal Immi… 
Lightweight Senator Kirsten Gillibrand a total flunky for Chuck Schumer and someone who would come to my office “b… 
Despite thousands of hours wasted and many millions of dollars spent the Democrats have been unable to show any co… 
Another false story this time in the Failing @nytimes that I watch 4-8 hours of television a day - Wrong!  Also… 
Very little discussion of all the purposely false and defamatory stories put out this week by the Fake News Media… 
Getting closer and closer on the Tax Cut Bill Shaping up even better than projected House and Senate working very… 
Things are going really well for our economy a subject the Fake News spends as little time as possible discussing!… 
No American should be separated from their loved ones because of preventable crime committed by those illegally in… 
Great Army - Navy Game Army wins 14 to 13 and brings home the COMMANDER-IN-CHIEF’S TROPHY! Congratulations!
@daveweigel of the Washington Post just admitted that his picture was a FAKE (fraud?) showing an almost empty aren… 
@DaveWeigel @WashingtonPost put out a phony photo of an empty arena hours before I arrived @ the venue w/ thousan… 
Have a great game today @USArmy and @USNavy - I will be watching 

We love our US Military On behalf of an ent… 
It was my great honor to celebrate the opening of two extraordinary museums-the Mississippi State History Museum &amp… 
Heading to the great state of Mississippi at the invitation of their popular and respected Governor @PhilBryantMS… 
CNN’S slogan is CNN THE MOST TRUSTED NAME IN NEWS Everyone knows this is not true that this could in fact be a… 
Fake News CNN made a vicious and purposeful mistake yesterday They were caught red handed just like lonely Brian… 
A big contingent of very enthusiastic Roy Moore fans at the rally last night We can’t have a Pelosi/Schumer Libera… 
GREAT EVENING last night in Pensacola Florida Arena was packed to the rafters the crowd was loud loving and rea… 
We believe that every American should stand for the National Anthem and we proudly pledge allegiance to one NATION… 
This is your land this is your home and it's your voice that matters the most So speak up be heard and fight… 
Just arrived at the Pensacola Bay Center Join me LIVE on @FoxNews in 10 minutes! MAGA 
On my way to Pensacola Florida See everyone soon! MAGA 
“The unemployment rate remains at a 17-year low of 41% The unemployment rate in manufacturing dropped to 26% th… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Fines and penalties against Wells Fargo Bank for their bad acts against their customers and others will not be drop… 
LAST thing the Make America Great Again Agenda needs is a Liberal Democrat in Senate where we have so little margin… 
Big crowd expected today in Pensacola Florida for a Make America Great Again speech We have done so much in so s… 
I fulfilled my campaign promise - others didn’t! 
Tonight @FLOTUS Melania and I were thrilled to welcome so many wonderful friends to the @WhiteHouse – and wish the… 
Across the battlefields oceans and harrowing skies of Europe and the Pacific throughout the war one great battle… 
Today as we Remember Pearl Harbor it was an incredible honor to be joined with surviving Veterans of the attack o… 
Today the US flag flies at half-staff at the @WhiteHouse in honor of National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day… 
Today our entire nation pauses to REMEMBER PEARL HARBOR—and the brave warriors who on that day stood tall and foug… 
National Pearl Harbor Remembrance Day - “A day that will live in infamy!” December 7 1941
Go get the new book on Andrew Jackson by Brian KilmeadeReally good @foxandfriends
RT @EricTrump: MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
RT @ChuckGrassley: Jerusalem Embassy Act of ‘95 (Senate vote 93-5 &amp I voted for it) states embassy should be in Jerusalem by 5/31/99 For 1…
I have determined that it is time to officially recognize Jerusalem as the capital of Israel I am also directing t… 
Join me live from the @WhiteHouse via Periscope

Our thoughts and prayers are with everyone in the path of California’s wildfires I encourage everyone to heed the… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: Time lapse video of the border wall prototypes when they were being built in San Diego Next phase underway: testing and ev…
Join me this Friday in Pensacola Florida at the Pensacola Bay Center! Tickets:  
Yesterday I was thrilled to be with so many WONDERFUL friends in Utah’s MAGNIFICENT Capitol

It was my honor to… 
A must watch: Legal Scholar Alan Dershowitz was just on @foxandfriends talking of what is going on with respect to… 
With the great vote on Cutting Taxes this could be a big day for the Stock Market - and YOU!
Putting Pelosi/Schumer Liberal Puppet Jones into office in Alabama would hurt our great Republican Agenda of low on… 
Democrats refusal to give even one vote for massive Tax Cuts is why we need Republican Roy Moore to win in Alabama… 
Report: “ANTI-TRUMP FBI AGENT LED CLINTON EMAIL PROBE”  Now it all starts to make sense!
People who lost money when the Stock Market went down 350 points based on the False and Dishonest reporting of Bria… 
After years of Comey with the phony and dishonest Clinton investigation (and more) running the FBI its reputatio… 
Tainted (no very dishonest?) FBI “agent’s role in Clinton probe under review” Led Clinton Email probe… 
Such a total miscarriage of Justice in San Francisco! 
RT @paulsperry: Wray needs to clean house Now we know the politicization even worse than McCabe's ties to McAuliffe/Clinton It also infe…
RT @paulsperry: BREAKING: top FBI investigator for Mueller--PETER STRZOK--busted sending political text messages bashing Trump &amp praising…
RT @GovChristie: @POTUS has done more to combat the addiction crisis than any other President 
RT @PressSec: The Trump effect: “The US economy is running at its full potential for the first time in a decade” -WSJ

I never asked Comey to stop investigating Flynn Just more Fake News covering another Comey lie!
Congratulations to @ABC News for suspending Brian Ross for his horrendously inaccurate and dishonest report on the… 
Many people in our Country are asking what the “Justice” Department is going to do about the fact that totally Croo… 
So General Flynn lies to the FBI and his life is destroyed while Crooked Hillary Clinton on that now famous FBI h… 
Great job First Lady Melania! 
62 years ago this week a brave seamstress in Montgomery Alabama uttered one word that changed history 
I had to fire General Flynn because he lied to the Vice President and the FBI He has pled guilty to those lies It… 
Biggest Tax Bill and Tax Cuts in history just passed in the Senate Now these great Republicans will be going for f… 
We are one step closer to delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for working families across America Special thanks to… 
Economists on the TAX CUTS and JOBS ACT:

“The enactment of a comprehensive overhaul - complete with a lower corpor… 
The media has been speculating that I fired Rex Tillerson or that he would be leaving soon - FAKE NEWS! He’s not le… 
RT @WhiteHouse: President Trump proclaims today as WorldAIDSDay:  
Republicans Senators are working hard to pass the biggest Tax Cuts in the history of our Country The Bill is getti… 
The jury was not told the killer of Kate was a 7 time felon The Schumer/Pelosi Democrats are so weak on Crime that… 
The Kate Steinle killer came back and back over the weakly protected Obama border always committing crimes and bei… 
A disgraceful verdict in the Kate Steinle case! No wonder the people of our Country are so angry with Illegal Immigration
The Christmas Story begins 2000 years ago with a mother a father their baby son and the most extraordinary gift… 
Today is a day that I’ve been looking very much forward to ALL YEAR LONG It is one that you have heard me speak ab… 
Our FIFTH 1K milestone of 2017!
DOW24K MAGA 
Today it was my great honor to meet with the Crown Prince of Bahrain at the @WhiteHouse Bahrain and the United St… 
Thank you @SenOrrinHatch Let’s continue MAKING AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!  
The Dow just broke 24000 for the first time (another all-time Record) If the Dems had won the Presidential Electi… 
Stock Market hits new Record High Confidence and enthusiasm abound More great numbers coming out!
The Chinese Envoy who just returned from North Korea seems to have had no impact on Little Rocket Man Hard to be… 
The Failing @nytimes has totally gone against the Social Media Guidelines that they installed to preserve some cred… 
The Failing @nytimes the pipe organ for the Democrat Party has become a virtual lobbyist for them with regard to… 
Funny to hear the Democrats talking about the National Debt when President Obama doubled it in only 8 years!
“Had the information (Crooked Hillary’s emails) been released there would have been harm to National Security"… 
The only people who don’t like the Tax Cut Bill are the people that don’t understand it or the Obstructionist Democ… 
The House of Representatives seeks contempt citations(?) against the JusticeDepartment and the FBI for withholding… 
@TheresaMay don’t focus on me focus on the destructive Radical Islamic Terrorism that is taking place within th… 
Now we have a once in a lifetime opportunity to RESTORE AMERICAN PROSPERITY – and RECLAIM AMERICA’S DESTINY

But… 
A vote to CUT TAXES is a vote to PUT AMERICA FIRST It is time to take care of OUR WORKERS to protect OUR COMMUNIT… 
This week the Senate can join the House &amp take a strong stand for the Middle Class families who are the backbone o… 
Departing @JBANAFW for St Charles Missouri to help push our plan for HISTORIC TAX CUTS across the finish line… 
Economy growing! Excluding hurricane effects CEA estimates that real GDP growth would have been 39% in Q3

Stock… 
Just spoke to President XI JINPING of China concerning the provocative actions of North Korea Additional major san… 
So now that Matt Lauer is gone when will the Fake News practitioners at NBC be terminating the contract of Phil Gri… 
Wow Matt Lauer was just fired from NBC for “inappropriate sexual behavior in the workplace” But when will the top… 
Looks like another great day for the Stock Market Consumer Confidence is at Record High I guess somebody likes me (my policies)!
Great and we should boycott Fake News CNN Dealing with them is a total waste of time! 
@foxandfriends we are in record territory in all things having to do with our economy! 
RT @EricTrump: MakeAmericaGreatAgain 
Great day for Tax Cuts and the Republican Party But the biggest Winner will be our great Country!
Great work Ivanka! 
Just won the lawsuit on leadership of Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB A big win for the Consumer!
Charles McCullough the respected fmr Intel Comm Inspector General said public was misled on Crooked Hillary Email… 
After North Korea missile launch it's more important than ever to fund our gov't &amp military! Dems shouldn't hold t… 
RT @narendramodi: Had a wonderful meeting with @IvankaTrump advisor to @POTUS and leader of the US delegation at the @GES2017 
“The Conference Board said that consumer sentiment was at its highest level in nearly 17 years in November The Con… 
Dow S&ampP 500 and Nasdaq all finished the day at new RECORD HIGHS! 
Remarks from the Roosevelt Room with @SenateMajLdr Mitch McConnell @SpeakerRyan and Secretary of Defense General… 
“Statement from President Donald J Trump on GivingTuesday” 
RT @IvankaTrump: It was an honor to meet with you Prime Minister Modi Thank you for co-hosting the 8th annual Global Entrepreneurship Summ…
Meeting with “Chuck and Nancy” today about keeping government open and working Problem is they want illegal immigr… 
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you for the warm welcome I’m excited to be in Hyderabad India for GES2017 
RT @FLOTUS: The decorations are up! @WhiteHouse is ready to celebrate! Wishing you a Merry Christmas &amp joyous holiday season! 
RT @statedeptspox: GES2017 highlights the important role of women entrepreneurs &amp demonstrates the importance of innovation &amp partnershi…
RT @FLOTUS: Had a wonderful visit from @JBANAFW children today at the @whitehouse! WhiteHouseChristmas 
Melania our great and very hard working First Lady who truly loves what she is doing always thought that “if you… 
At least 24 players kneeling this weekend at NFL stadiums that are now having a very hard time filling up The Amer… 
Thank you Rand! 
New home sales reach a 10 year high Stock Market has more record gains Hopefully Republican Senators will give us… 
The Tax Cut Bill is coming along very well great support With just a few changes some mathematical the middle c… 
The good news is that their ratings are terrible nobody cares! 
We should have a contest as to which of the Networks plus CNN and not including Fox is the most dishonest corrup… 
Back in DC big week for Tax Cuts and many other things of great importance to our Country  Senate Republicans w… 
Since the first day I took office all you hear is the phony Democrat excuse for losing the election Russia Russi… 
I endorsed Luther Strange in the Alabama Primary He shot way up in the polls but it wasn’t enough Can’t let Schum… 
The last thing we need in Alabama and the US Senate is a Schumer/Pelosi puppet who is WEAK on Crime WEAK on the… 
Wow even I didn’t realize we did so much Wish the Fake News would report! Thank you 
@FoxNews is MUCH more important in the United States than CNN but outside of the US CNN International is still… 
Check out the recent Editorial in the Wall Street Journal @WSJ about what a complete disaster the @CFPB has been un… 
The Consumer Financial Protection Bureau or CFPB has been a total disaster as run by the previous Administrations… 
Happy SmallBusinessSaturday!

A great day to support your community and America’s JOB creators by shopping locally… 
Time Magazine called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Man (Person) of the Year” like last year but I… 
Will be calling the President of Egypt in a short while to discuss the tragic terrorist attack with so much loss o… 
Horrible and cowardly terrorist attack on innocent and defenseless worshipers in Egypt The world cannot tolerate t… 
After Turkey call I will be heading over to Trump National Golf Club Jupiter to play golf (quickly) with Tiger Wo… 
Will be speaking to President Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey this morning about bringing peace to the mess that I i… 
Can you believe that the disrespect for our Country our Flag our Anthem continues without penalty to the players… 
Two great people! 
A great guy (with great ratings)! 
RT @DeptofDefense: HappyThanksgiving from @USArmy and @USNationalGuard soldiers serving with Task Force Marauder in Afghanistan 🦃 
RT @Scavino45: Today @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania visit the @USCG at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach Florid…
ObamaCare premiums are going up up up just as I have been predicting for two years ObamaCare is OWNED by the De… 
My great honor to join our incredible men and women of the @USCG at the Lake Worth Inlet Station in Riviera Beach… 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
Will be doing a live Thanksgiving Video Teleconference with Members of the Military at 9:00 AM  Afghanistan Iraq… 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
@ThePlumLineGS MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
HAPPY THANKSGIVING your Country is starting to do really well Jobs coming back highest Stock Market EVER Milita… 
And it will get even better with Tax Cuts! 
I have long given the order to help Argentina with the Search and Rescue mission of their missing submarine 45 peo… 
51 Million American to travel this weekend - highest number in twelve years (AAA) Traffic and airports are running very smoothly!  @FoxNews
RT @FLOTUS: Preparations are underway to celebrate the holidays at the @WhiteHouse! 
The @USNavy is conducting search and rescue following aircraft crash We are monitoring the situation Prayers for… 
Will be having meetings and working the phones from the Winter White House in Florida (Mar-a-Lago) Stock Market hi… 
RT @IngrahamAngle: “Far right”? You mean “right so far” as in @realDonaldTrump has been right so far abt how to kick the economy into high…
The NFL is now thinking about a new idea - keeping teams in the Locker Room during the National Anthem next season… 
LaVar you could have spent the next 5 to 10 years during Thanksgiving with your son in China but no NBA contra… 
It wasn’t the White House it wasn’t the State Department it wasn’t father LaVar’s so-called people on the ground… 
Today we continued a wonderful American Tradition at the White House Drumstick and Wishbone will live out their d… 
President Donald J Trump and @FLOTUS Melania Participate in the Pardoning of the National Thanksgiving Turkey at t… 
Under President Trump unemployment rate will drop below 4%  Analysts predict economic boom for 2018!  @foxandfriends and @Varneyco
Marshawn Lynch of the NFL’s Oakland Raiders stands for the Mexican Anthem and sits down to boos for our National An… 
Republican Senators are working very hard to get Tax Cuts and Tax Reform approved Hopefully it will not be long an… 
Border Patrol Officer killed at Southern Border another badly hurt We will seek out and bring to justice those re… 
Big-game trophy decision will be announced next week but will be very hard pressed to change my mind that this horr… 
Shoplifting is a very big deal in China as it should be (5-10 years in jail) but not to father LaVar Should have… 
Sen Jeff Flake(y) who is unelectable in the Great State of Arizona (quit race anemic polls) was caught (purposel… 
Now that the three basketball players are out of China and saved from years in jail LaVar Ball the father of LiAn… 
RT @greta: Thank you @realDonaldTrump - this is important to so many of us 
RT @piersmorgan: BOOM! Thank you Mr President Trophy-hunting is repellent 
Crooked Hillary Clinton is the worst (and biggest) loser of all time She just can’t stop which is so good for the… 
Put big game trophy decision on hold until such time as I review all conservation facts Under study for years Wil… 
Today it was an honor to celebrate the Collegiate National Champions of 2016/2017 at the @WhiteHouse!… 
Together we're going to restore safety to our streets and peace to our communities and we're going to destroy the… 
If Democrats were not such obstructionists and understood the power of lower taxes we would be able to get many of their ideas into Bill!
Great numbers on Stocks and the Economy If we get Tax Cuts and Reform we'll really see some great results!
And to think that just last week he was lecturing anyone who would listen about sexual harassment and respect for women Lesley Stahl tape?
The Al Frankenstien picture is really bad speaks a thousand words Where do his hands go in pictures 2 3 4 5 &amp 6 while she sleeps? 
Big win today in the House for GOP Tax Cuts and Reform 227-205 Zero Dems they want to raise taxes much higher but not for our military!
Congratulations to the House of Representatives for passing the TaxCutsandJobsAct — a big step toward fulfilling o… 
Need all on the UN Security Council to vote to renew the Joint Investigative Mechanism for Syria to ensure that Ass… 
China is sending an Envoy and Delegation to North Korea - A big move we'll see what happens!
your release possible and HAVE A GREAT LIFE! Be careful there are many pitfalls on the long and winding road of life!
To the three UCLA basketball players I say:  You're welcome go out and give a big Thank You to President Xi Jinping of China who made
Big vote tomorrow in the House Tax cuts are getting close!
Why are Democrats fighting massive tax cuts for the middle class and business (jobs)? The reason: Obstruction and Delay!
It is actually hard to believe how naive (or dumb) the Failing @nytimes is when it comes to foreign policyweak and ineffective!
They should realize that these relationships are a good thing not a bad thing The US is being respected again Watch Trade!
The failing @nytimes hates the fact that I have developed a great relationship with World leaders like Xi Jinping President of China
Do you think the three UCLA Basketball Players will say thank you President Trump? They were headed for 10 years in jail!
Thank you! 
Thank you working hard! 
While in the Philippines I was forced to watch @CNN which I have not done in months and again realized how bad and FAKE it is Loser!
@foxandfriends will be showing much of our successful trip to Asia and the friendships &amp benefits that will endure for years to come!
Our great country is respected again in Asia You will see the fruits of our long but successful trip for many years to come!
RT @Scavino45: 20295 miles later POTUSinAsia has successfully concluded as @POTUS @realDonaldTrump lands on the South Lawn of @WhiteHouse…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Unemployment is down to 41% lowest in 17 years 15 million new jobs created since I took office Highest stock Mark…
RT @PChowka: Sean Hannity's Big Week - Top Ratings Probing Reporting and Let There Be Light at American Thinker  h…
RT @realDonaldTrump: Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand

Remember PearlHarbor Remember the @USSArizona!

A day…
Just returned from Asia after 12 very successful days Great to be home!
THANK YOU ASIA! USA🇺🇸 
THANK YOU to the amazing staff and their families of the United States Embassy in the Philippines Keep up the GREA… 
One of the most accurate polls last time around But FakeNews likes to say we’re in the 30’s They are wrong Some… 
I will be making a major statement from the @WhiteHouse upon my return to DC Time and date to be set
Just arrived at ASEAN50 in the Philippines for my final stop with World Leaders Will lead to FAIR TRADE DEALS un… 
After my tour of Asia all Countries dealing with us on TRADE know that the rules have changed The United States h… 
Great to see @RandPaul looking well and back on the Senate floor He will help us with TAX CUTS and REFORM!
Excited to be heading home to see the House pass a GREAT Tax Bill with the middle class getting big TAX CUTS!

MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
I am proud of the Rep House &amp Senate for working so hard on cutting taxes {&amp reform} We’re getting close! Now ho… 
Happy to announce I am nominating Alex Azar to be the next HHS Secretary He will be a star for better healthcare and lower drug prices!
Will be leaving the Philippines tomorrow after many days of constant mtgs &amp work in order to MAGA! My promises are rapidly being fulfilled
Great day of bilateral meetings at ASEANSummit on trade which we are turning around to be great deals for our cou… 
Thank you! 
We had a wonderful visit to Vietnam thank you President Tran Dai Quang! Heading to the ASEANSummit 50th Anniv Gal… 
Just landed in the Philippines after a great day of meetings and events in Hanoi Vietnam! 
Why would Kim Jong-un insult me by calling me "old" when I would NEVER call him "short and fat?" Oh well I try so… 
Does the Fake News Media remember when Crooked Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State was begging Russia to be our… 
When will all the haters and fools out there realize that having a good relationship with Russia is a good thing n… 
Met with President Putin of Russia who was at APEC meetings Good discussions on Syria Hope for his help to solve… 
Will be doing a joint press conference in Hanoi Vietnam then heading for final destination of trip the Phillipines
President Xi of China has stated that he is upping the sanctions against NoKo Said he wants them to denuclearize Progress is being made
“Presidential Proclamation Commemorating the 50th Anniversary of the Vietnam War” 
➡️ 
➡️… 
On this wonderful Veterans Day I want to express the incredible gratitude of the entire American Nation to our GRE… 
On behalf of an entire nation Happy 242nd Birthday to the men and women of the United States Marines!
USMC242… 
The United States has been reminded time and again in recent years that economic security is not merely RELATED to… 
The United States is prepared to work with each of the leaders in this room today to achieve mutually beneficial co… 
Today I am here to offer a renewed partnership with America -- to work together to strengthen the bonds of friendsh… 
In more and more places throughout this region citizens of SOVEREIGN and INDEPENDENT nations have taken greater co… 
Throughout my travels I've had the pleasure of sharing the good news from America I've had the honor of sharing o… 
Just landed in Da Nang Vietnam to deliver a speech at APEC2017
I am leaving China for APEC2017 in Vietnam @FLOTUS Melania is staying behind to see the zoo and of course the G… 
My meetings with President Xi Jinping were very productive on both trade and the subject of North Korea He is a hi… 
I don’t blame China I blame the incompetence of past Admins for allowing China to take advantage of the US on tr… 
In the coming months and years ahead I look forward to building an even STRONGER relationship between the United St… 
President Xi thank you for such an incredible welcome ceremony It was a truly memorable and impressive display! 📸… 
Congratulations to all of the ”DEPLORABLES” and the millions of people who gave us a MASSIVE (304-227) Electoral Co… 
Looking forward to a full day of meetings with President Xi and our delegations tomorrow THANK YOU for the beautif… 
NoKo has interpreted America's past restraint as weakness This would be a fatal miscalculation Do not underestima… 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and I THANK YOU for an unforgettable afternoon and evening at the Forbidden City in B… 
Leaving South Korea now heading to China Looking very much forward to meeting and being with President Xi!
Together we dream of a Korea that is free a peninsula that is safe and families that are reunited once again! 
Anyone who doubts the strength or determination of the US should look to our pastand you will doubt it no lon… 
The North Korean regime has pursued its nuclear &amp ballistic missile programs in defiance of every assurance agreem… 
The US under my administration is completely rebuilding its military and they're spending hundreds of billions… 
Join me LIVE in South Korea🇺🇸🇰🇷
NationalAssembly POTUSinAsia 
➡️ 
Ed Gillespie worked hard but did not embrace me or what I stand for Don’t forget Republicans won 4 out of 4 House… 
Getting ready to make a major speech to the National Assembly here in South Korea then will be headed to China whe… 
Thank you to all Americans who participated in Nat'l Rx Drug Take Back Day A record amount of drugs collected &amp disposed We can do this!
Franklin such a great photo 

HAPPY 99th BIRTHDAY to your father @BillyGraham! 
@EdWGillespie will totally turn around the high crime and poor economic performance of VA MS-13 and crime will be gone Vote today ASAP!
and has been horrible on Virginia economy Vote @EdWGillespie today!
Ralph Northam will allow crime to be rampant in Virginia He’s weak on crime weak on our GREAT VETS Anti-Second Amendment
is making Working very hard on TAX CUTS for the middle class companies and jobs!
Stock market hit yet another all-time record high yesterday There is great confidence in the moves that my Administration
Thank you to President Moon of South Korea for the beautiful welcoming ceremony It will always be remembered 
It was my great honor to have lunch with our INCREDIBLE US and ROK troops at Camp Humphreys in South Korea 🇺🇸🇰🇷… 
RT @AbeShinzo: トランプ大統領による、初の、歴史的な日本訪問は、間違いなく、日米同盟の揺るぎない絆を世界に示すことができました。

本当にありがとう、ドナルド。そして、アジア歴訪の大成功をお祈りしています。

@realDonaldTrump 
Some of those they are harshly treating have been “milking” their country for years!
I have great confidence in King Salman and the Crown Prince of Saudi Arabia they know exactly what they are doing
Getting ready to leave for South Korea and meetings with President Moon a fine gentleman We will figure it all out!
My visit to Japan and friendship with PM Abe will yield many benefits for our great Country Massive military &amp energy orders happening+++!
The state of Virginia economy under Democrat rule has been terrible If you vote Ed Gillespie tomorrow it will come roaring back!
USA🇺🇸 Japan🇯🇵 
Americans do what we do best: we pull together We join hands We lock arms and through the tears and the sadnes… 
May God be w/ the people of Sutherland Springs Texas The FBI &amp law enforcement are on the scene I am monitoring the situation from Japan
Heading into the 12 days with great negotiating strength because of our tremendous economy 
It was a true honor to be at Yokota Air Base with our GREAT @USForcesJapan! 
Playing golf with Prime Minister Abe and Hideki Matsuyama two wonderful people! 
Just gave a speech to the great men and women at Yokota Air Base in Tokyo Japan Leaving to see Prime Minister Abe 
I am landing shortly Can’t wait to be with our GREAT MILITARY See you soon! 
Would very much appreciate Saudi Arabia doing their IPO of Aramco with the New York Stock Exchange Important to the United States!
Unemployment is down to 41% lowest in 17 years 15 million new jobs created since I took office Highest stock Market ever up $54 trill
RT @IvankaTrump: Touched by the warm hospitality of Prime Minister Abe and the Japanese people ありがとうございます [Thank you]! Until next time 🇯🇵…
Thank you to our GREAT Military/Veterans and @PacificCommand

Remember PearlHarbor Remember the @USSArizona!

A… 
Thank you for such a beautiful welcome Hawaii My great honor to visit @PacificCommand upon arrival Heading to Pea… 
Getting ready to land in Hawaii Looking so much forward to meeting with our great Military/Veterans at Pearl Harbor!
The decision on Sergeant Bergdahl is a complete and total disgrace to our Country and to our Military
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
The rigged Dem Primary one of the biggest political stories in years got ZERO coverage on Fake News Network TV last night Disgraceful!
Just took off for ceremony @ Pearl Harbor Will then be heading to Japan SKorea China Vietnam &amp the Philippines Will never let you down!
I always felt I would be running and winning against Bernie Sanders not Crooked H without cheating I was right
Bernie Sanders supporters have every right to be apoplectic of the complete theft of the Dem primary by Crooked Hillary!
Based on that the Military has hit ISIS "much harder" over the last two days They will pay a big price for every attack on us!
ISIS just claimed the Degenerate Animal who killed and so badly wounded the wonderful people on the West Side was "their soldier" 
Pocahontas just stated that the Democrats lead by the legendary Crooked Hillary Clinton rigged the Primaries! Lets go FBI &amp Justice Dept
The real story on Collusion is in Donna B's new book Crooked Hillary bought the DNC &amp then stole the Democratic Primary from Crazy Bernie!
People are angry  At some point the Justice Department and the FBI must do what is right and proper The American public deserves it!
New Donna B book says she paid for and stole the Dem Primary What about the deleted E-mails Uranium Podesta the Server plus plus
Everybody is asking why the Justice Department (and FBI) isn't looking into all of the dishonesty going on with Crooked Hillary &amp the Dems
My Twitter account was taken down for 11 minutes by a rogue employee I guess the word must finally be getting out-and having an impact
I will be interviewed by @IngrahamAngle on @FoxNews at 10:00 Enjoy!
The @TuckerCarlson opening statement about our once cherished and great FBI was so sad to watch James Comey's leadership was a disaster!
This is real collusion and dishonesty Major violation of Campaign Finance Laws and Money Laundering - where is our Justice Department?
Donna Brazile just stated the DNC RIGGED the system to illegally steal the Primary from Bernie Sanders Bought and paid for by Crooked H
Great Tax Cut rollout today The lobbyists are storming Capital Hill but the Republicans will hold strong and do what is right for America!
Today it was my pleasure and great honor to announce my nomination of Jerome Powell to be the next Chairman of the… 
Broadcom's move to America=$20 BILLION of annual rev into USA $3+ BILLION/yr in research/engineering &amp $6 BILL… 
Today we are thrilled to welcome @Broadcom CEO Hock Tan to the WH to announce he is moving their HQ’s from Singapo… 
Congress must end chain migration so that we can have a system that is SECURITY BASED! We need to make AMERICA SAFE… 
I am calling on Congress to TERMINATE the diversity visa lottery program that presents significant vulnerabilities… 
Congratulations to the Houston @Astros 2017 WorldSeries Champions⚾️HoustonStrong EarnHistory 
There is also something appropriate about keeping him in the home of the horrible crime he committed Should move fast DEATH PENALTY!
Would love to send the NYC terrorist to Guantanamo but statistically that process takes much longer than going through the Federal system
NYC terrorist was happy as he asked to hang ISIS flag in his hospital room He killed 8 people badly injured 12 SHOULD GET DEATH PENALTY!
Great mtg w/ @Cabinet today Tomorrow I will be announcing the new head of the Fed I think you will be extremely… 
Happy birthday to @garyplayer a truly great Champion and Person!
It is finally happening for our great clean coal miners! 
The United States will be immediately implementing much tougher Extreme Vetting Procedures The safety of our citizens comes first!
Just spoke to President Macri of Argentina about the five proud and wonderful men killed in the West Side terror attack God be with them!
CHAIN MIGRATION must end now! Some people come in and they bring their whole family with them who can be truly ev… 
@SenateMajLdr @SenateGOP and Appeals Court Judges at a record clip! Our courts are rapidly changing for the better!
Thanks to @SenateMajLdr McConnell and the @SenateGOP we are appointing high-quality Federal District
Thank you to the GREAT NYPD First Responders and all govt officials for having handled the terrible West Side atta… 
@NYGovCuomo @NYCMayor fully supports any and all of their efforts with respect to the West Side attack NYCStrong
Just spoke with @NYGovCuomo and @NYCMayor de Blasio to let them know that the federal government
We mourn the horrifying terrorist attack in NYC All of America is praying and grieving for the families who lost t… 
for the Middle Class The House and Senate should consider ASAP as the process of final approval moves along Push Biggest Tax Cuts EVER
Wouldn't it be great to Repeal the very unfair and unpopular Individual Mandate in ObamaCare and use those savings for further Tax Cuts
NYCStrong USA🇺🇸 
"Senator Chuck Schumer helping to import Europes problems" said ColTony Shaffer We will stop this craziness!  @foxandfriends
We are fighting hard for Merit Based immigration no more Democrat Lottery Systems We must get MUCH tougher (and smarter)  @foxandfriends
The terrorist came into our country through what is called the "Diversity Visa Lottery Program" a Chuck Schumer beauty I want merit based
I have just ordered Homeland Security to step up our already Extreme Vetting Program Being politically correct is fine but not for this!
The Republican House members are working hard (and late) toward the Massive Tax Cuts that they know you deserve These will be biggest ever!
My thoughts condolences and prayers to the victims and families of the New York City terrorist attack God and your country are with you!
We must not allow ISIS to return or enter our country after defeating them in the Middle East and elsewhere Enough!
In NYC looks like another attack by a very sick and deranged person Law enforcement is following this closely NOT IN THE USA!
US COAL PRODUCTION
Up📈78% past year 
Down📉315% last 10 years 
EndingWarOnCoal 
“Home Prices Reach New All-Time Highs in August” Read more:  
"Consumer Confidence Hits Highest Level Since December 2000" Read more:  
RT @IvankaTrump: We're working to make tax cuts &amp the expanded Child Tax Credit a reality for American families The time is now! TaxRefor…
Wishing everyone a safe and Happy Halloween!
Halloween2017 
Thank you @LuisRiveraMarin! 
“Statement by President Trump on the Apprehension of Mustafa al-Imam for His Alleged Role in Benghazi Attacks” 
earth shattering He and his brother could Drain The Swamp which would be yet another campaign promise fulfilled Fake News weak!
The biggest story yesterday the one that has the Dems in a dither is Podesta running from his firm What he know about Crooked Dems is
I hope people will start to focus on our Massive Tax Cuts for Business (jobs) and the Middle Class (in addition to Democrat corruption)!
came to the campaign Few people knew the young low level volunteer named George who has already proven to be a liar Check the DEMS!
The Fake News is working overtime As Paul Manaforts lawyer said there was "no collusion" and events mentioned took place long before he
Also there is NO COLLUSION!
Sorry but this is years ago before Paul Manafort was part of the Trump campaign But why aren't Crooked Hillary &amp the Dems the focus?????
Great job by MichaelCaputo on @foxandfriends
Report out that Obama Campaign paid $972000 to Fusion GPS The firm also got $12400000 (really?) from DNC Nobody knows who OK'd!
All of this "Russia" talk right when the Republicans are making their big push for historic Tax Cuts &amp Reform Is this coincidental? NOT!
are now fighting back like never before There is so much GUILT by Democrats/Clinton and now the facts are pouring out DO SOMETHING!
"collusion" which doesn't exist The Dems are using this terrible (and bad for our country) Witch Hunt for evil politics but the R's
the Uranium to Russia deal the  33000 plus deleted Emails the Comey fix and so much more Instead they look at phony Trump/Russia
Never seen such Republican ANGER &amp UNITY as I have concerning the lack of investigation on Clinton made Fake Dossier (now $12000000?)
As usual the ObamaCare premiums will be up (the Dems own it) but we will Repeal &amp Replace and have great Healthcare soon after Tax Cuts!
JFK Files are released long ahead of schedule!
While not at all presidential I must point out that the Sloppy Michael Moore Show on Broadway was a TOTAL BOMB and was forced to close Sad!
Happy FirstRespondersDay to all of our HEROES out there We are forever grateful to you for your service sacrific… 
in order to put any and all conspiracy theories to rest
addresses of any mentioned person who is still living I am doing this for reasons of full disclosure transparency and
After strict consultation with General Kelly the CIA and other Agencies I will be releasing ALL JFKFiles other than the names and
Today is National Prescription Drug Take Back Day Everyone can help fight the OpioidEpidemic by participating!… 
Just read the nice remarks by President Jimmy Carter about me and how badly I am treated by the press (Fake News) Thank you Mr President!
Very little reporting about the GREAT GDP numbers announced yesterday (30 despite the big hurricane hits) Best consecutive Q's in years!
“WHAT HAPPENED”

“How Team Hillary played the press for fools on Russia”
➡️

NOW WE KNOW! 
JFKFiles 
Happy Birthday @TheLeeGreenwood!
FlashbackFriday 
People are anxiously awaiting my decision as to who the next head of the Fed will be
🎥
@FoxNews Chris Wallace: “More evidence of Dem collusion with Russia than GOP” 
We are inspired by the stories of everyday heroes who pull their communities from the depths of despair through lea… 
Diane Black of Tennessee the highly respected House Budget Committee Chairwoman did a GREAT job in passing Budget setting up big Tax Cuts
Thank you @FLGovScott 
It is now commonly agreed after many months of COSTLY looking that there was NO collusion between Russia and Trump Was collusion with HC!
Happy birthday to the great @TheLeeGreenwood You and your beautiful song have made such a difference MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
JFK Files are being carefully released In the end there will be great transparency It is my hope to get just about everything to public!
Good luck to @JoyVilla on her decision to enter the wonderful world of politics She has many fans!
Congratulations to @SpeakerRyan @GOPLeader @SteveScalise and to the Republican Party on Budget passage yesterday Now for biggest Tax Cuts
Thank you @foxandfriends Really great job and show!
Wacky &amp totally unhinged Tom Steyer who has been fighting me and my Make America Great Again agenda from beginning never wins elections!
WORKING TOGETHER we will defeat this OpioidEpidemic &amp free our nation from the terrible affliction of drug abuse… 
Effective today my administration officially declared the OpioidCrisis a NATIONAL PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY under f… 
Big news - Budget just passed!
Do not underestimate the UNITY within the Republican Party!
Ed Gillespie will be a great Governor of Virginia His opponent doesn't even show up to meetings/work and will be VERY weak on crime!
Ed Gillespie will turn the really bad Virginia economy 's around and fast Strong on crime he might even save our great statues/heritage!
RT @seanhannity: BOOM!!  Tick Tock 
Will be another Sean success! 
RT @PChowka: Fox News With Hannity's Help Regains Its Ratings Dominance By Peter Barry Chowka at The Hagmann report 
Together we will Make America Great Again!
AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
This will be the biggest TAX CUT in the history of our country - and we need it! TaxReform 
Read more:… 
RT @IvankaTrump: Working families need TaxReform &amp the time is now This Administration is committed to ensuring all Americans can thrive…
Interview with @LouDobbs coming up at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness Enjoy! 
Texas @GovAbbott &amp Lt Gov @DanPatrick

Thank you for todays briefing on hurricane recovery efforts here in TX K… 
The long anticipated release of the JFKFiles will take place tomorrow So interesting!
Melania and I look forward to being with President Xi &amp Madame Peng Liyuan in China in two weeks for what will hope… 
Spoke to President Xi of China to congratulate him on his extraordinary elevation Also discussed NoKo &amp trade two very important subjects!
Just interviewed by @LouDobbs Will be aired tonight at 7pmE on @FoxBusiness Dobbs
Congrats to @Reince Priebus a really good and talented man We’re proud of you Reince! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Jeff Flake with an 18% approval rating in Arizona said "a lot of my colleagues have spoken out" Really they just gave me a standing O!
Working hard on the biggest tax cut in US history Great support from so many sides Big winners will be the middle class business &amp JOBS
The meeting with Republican Senators yesterday outside of Flake and Corker was a love fest with standing ovations and great ideas for USA!
The reason Flake and Corker dropped out of the Senate race is very simple they had zero chance of being elected Now act so hurt &amp wounded!
"Clinton campaign &amp DNC paid for research that led to the anti-Trump Fake News Dossier The victim here is the President" @FoxNews
So nice being with Republican Senators today Multiple standing ovations! Most are great people who want big Tax Cuts and success for US
“President Donald J Trump Proclaims October 24 2017 as United Nations Day” Read more:  
Stock Market just hit another record high! Jobs looking very good
the entire World WAS laughing and taking advantage of us People like liddle' Bob Corker have set the US way back Now we move forward!
Sen Corker is the incompetent head of the Foreign Relations Committee &amp look how poorly the US has done He doesn't have a clue as
Isn't it sad that lightweight Senator Bob Corker who couldn't get re-elected in the Great State of Tennessee will now fight Tax Cuts plus!
Corker dropped out of the race in Tennesse when I refused to endorse him and now is only negative on anything Trump Look at his record!
Bob Corker who helped President O give us the bad Iran Deal &amp couldn't get elected dog catcher in Tennessee is now fighting Tax Cuts
We will never forget the 241 American service members killed by Hizballah in Beirut They died in service to our na… 
I had a very respectful conversation with the widow of Sgt La David Johnson and spoke his name from beginning without hesitation!
Two dozen NFL players continue to kneel during the National Anthem showing total disrespect to our Flag &amp Country  No leadership in NFL!
There will be NO change to your 401(k) This has always been a great and popular middle class tax break that works and it stays!
It is finally sinking through 46% OF PEOPLE BELIEVE MAJOR NATIONAL NEWS ORGS FABRICATE STORIES ABOUT ME FAKE NEWS even worse! Lost cred
Wacky Congresswoman Wilson is the gift that keeps on giving for the Republican Party a disaster for Dems You watch her in action &amp vote R!
Doing interview today with Maria Bartiromo at 10:00 AM on @FoxNews - ENJOY!
2nd Amendment Strong Military ISIS historic VA improvement Supreme Court Justice Record Stock Market lowest unemployment in 17 yrs!
9 months than this Administration Over 50 Legislation approvals massive regulation cuts energy freedom pipelines border security
I agree getting Tax Cuts approved  is important (we will also get HealthCare) but perhaps no Administration has done more in its first
Just out but lightly reported: "Fewest jobless claims since 1973 show firm US Job Market" Lowest since March 1973 @bpolitics
Crooked Hillary Clinton spent hundreds of millions of dollars more on Presidential Election than I did Facebook was on her side not mine!
Keep hearing about "tiny" amount of money spent on Facebook ads What about the billions of dollars of Fake News on CNN ABC NBC &amp CBS?
Officials behind the now discredited "Dossier" plead the Fifth Justice Department and/or FBI should immediately release who paid for it
“Trump hails liberation of Raqqa as critical breakthrough in anti-ISIS campaign” 
Stock Market hits another all time high on Friday 53 trillion dollars up since Election Fake News doesn't spent much time on this!
People get what is going on! 
RT @IamVicky4Trump: TUNE IN: Maria Bartiromo Has an Exclusive Interview With President Trump 
Subject to the receipt of further information I will be allowing as President the long blocked and classified JFK FILES to be opened
I hope the Fake News Media keeps talking about Wacky Congresswoman Wilson in that she as a representative is killing the Democrat Party!
Budget that just passed is a really big deal especially in terms of what will be the biggest tax cut in US history - MSM barely covered!
Great book just out "A Place Called Heaven" by Dr Robert Jeffress - A wonderful man!
This is a once-in-a-generation opportunity to offer historic tax relief to the American people! Join me today:… 
Today it was an honor to have @UN
Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres at the @WhiteHouse Speaking for the USA… 
Thank you @GeraldoRivera @FoxandFriends Agree! 
Just out report: "United Kingdom crime rises 13% annually amid spread of Radical Islamic terror" Not good we must keep America safe!
This now allows for the passage of large scale Tax Cuts (and Reform) which will be the biggest in the history of our country!
The Budget passed late last night 51 to 49 We got ZERO Democrat votes with only Rand Paul (he will vote for Tax Cuts) voting against
Great news on the 2018 budget @SenateMajLdr McConnell - first step toward delivering MASSIVE tax cuts for the Ameri… 
Big ratings getter @seanhannity and Apprentice Champion John Rich are right now going on stage in Las Vegas for VegasStrong Great Show!
The Fake News is going crazy with wacky Congresswoman Wilson(D) who was SECRETLY on a very personal call and gave a total lie on content!
Keep up the GREAT work I am with you 100%!

"ISIS is losing its grip"
Army Colonel Ryan Dillon
CJTF–OIR… 
It was great to have Governor @RicardoRossello of PuertoRico🇵🇷with us at the @WhiteHouse today We are with you!… 
RT @USArmy333: @804StreetMedia @realDonaldTrump He’s done more in 9 months then obama did in8 yrs
@foxandfriends "Russia sent millions to Clinton Foundation"
Workers of firm involved with the discredited and Fake Dossier take the 5th Who paid for it Russia the FBI or the Dems (or all)?
Uranium deal to Russia with Clinton help and Obama Administration knowledge is the biggest story that Fake Media doesn't want to follow!
Republicans are going for the big Budget approval today first step toward massive tax cuts I think we have the votes but who knows?
"46% of Americans think the Media is inventing stories about Trump &amp his Administration" @FoxNews   It is actually much worse than this!
@DanaPerino &amp @BradThor
Thank you so much for the wonderful compliment Working hard! MAGA 
"20000📈21000📈22000📈 23000📈this yearFOUR one thousand milestones this year" 
Dow23K MAGA 
This is what REAL PRIDE in our COUNTRY is all about! USA🇺🇸 
@NFL: Too much talk not enough action Stand for the National Anthem
"Iran hides behind its assertion of technical compliance w/the nuclear deal while it brazenly violates the other l… 
It was an honor to welcome Republican and Democratic members of the Senate Finance Committee to the @WhiteHouse tod… 
Our hearts are with all affected by the wildfires in California God bless our brave First Responders and @FEMA tea… 
The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers &amp harmful to job-creators Americans need TaxReform! More:… 
I am supportive of Lamar as a person &amp also of the process but I can never support bailing out ins co's who have made a fortune w/ O'Care
Democrat Congresswoman totally fabricated what I said to the wife of a soldier who died in action (and I have proof) Sad!
The NFL has decided that it will not force players to stand for the playing of our National Anthem Total disrespect for our great country!
As it has turned out James Comey lied and leaked and totally protected Hillary Clinton He was the best thing that ever happened to her!
The Democrats will only vote for Tax Increases Hopefully all Senate Republicans will vote for the largest Tax Cuts in US history
people not interviewed including Clinton herself Comey stated under oath that he didn't do this-obviously a fix? Where is Justice Dept?
Wow FBI confirms report that James Comey drafted letter exonerating  Crooked Hillary Clinton long before investigation was complete Many
The most important truth our FOUNDERS understood was: FREEDOM is NOT a gift from Govt FREEDOM is a GIFT from GOD… 
Thank you @Heritage! This is our once-in-a-generation opportunity to revitalize our economy revive our industry &amp… 
WOW! 
BORDER WALL prototypes underway! 
Any increase in ObamaCare premiums is the fault of the Democrats for giving us a "product" that never had a chance of working
So much Fake News being put in dying magazines and newspapers Only place worse may be @NBCNews @CBSNews @ABC and @CNN Fiction writers!
It was my great honor to welcome Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece to the WH today! 🎥 
Join me LIVE from the Rose Garden at 1:30pmE with Prime Minister Alexis Tsipras of Greece ➡️ 
"Dow Passes 23000 for the First Time Fueled by Strong Earnings"
Dow23K📈 
RepTom Marino has informed me that he is withdrawing his name from consideration as drug czar Tom is a fine man and a great Congressman!
RT @Scavino45: US MARKETS FROM ELECTION DAY {Since 11/8/2016} 📈 
Always great to see the wonderful people of South Carolina Thank you for the beautiful welcome at Greenville-Spart… 
I was recently asked if Crooked Hillary Clinton is going to run in 2020? My answer was "I hope so!"
The US has gained more than 52 trillion dollars in Stock Market Value since Election Day! Also record business enthusiasm
Since Election Day on November 8 the Stock Market is up more than 25% unemployment is at a 17 year low &amp companies are coming back to US
Dem Senator Schumer hated the Iran deal made by President Obama but now that I am involved he is OK with it Tell that to Israel Chuck!
The Democrats only want to increase taxes and obstruct That's all they are good at!
Art Laffer just said that he doesn't know how a Democrat could vote against the big tax cut/reform bill and live with themselves!  @FoxNews
RT @ABCNewsRadio: Global fund championed by Ivanka Trump to help women entrepreneurs begins operations  
RT @mikepence: @EdWGillespie is fighting to grow the economy &amp cut taxes! He’s fighting for a safer VA And he’s is fighting for affordab…
approvals of The Keystone XL &amp Dakota Access pipelines Also look at the recent EPA cancelations &amp our great new Supreme Court Justice!
The Failing @nytimes in a story by Peter Baker should have mentioned the rapid terminations by me of TPP &amp The Paris Accord &amp the fast
RT @FoxNews: TONIGHT on "Justice" @JudgeJeanine talks to special guests @EricTrump and @LaraLeaTrump - Tune in at 9p ET on Fox News Channe…
RT @EricTrump: @LaraLeaTrump and I look forward to being on @JudgeJeanine tonight at 9pm! @FoxNews MakeAmericaGreatAgain 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
RT @mikepence: We are heading to Virginia Looking forward to supporting my friend @EdWGillespie He will make a great Governor for the Co…
The Democrats in the Southwest part of Virginia have been abandoned by their Party Republican Ed Gillespie will never let you down!
Very proud of my Executive Order which will allow greatly expanded access and far lower costs for HealthCare Millions of people benefit!
Health Insurance stocks which have gone through the roof during the ObamaCare years plunged yesterday after I ended their Dems windfall!
RT @realDonaldTrump: "Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"
📈 
RT @RightlyNews: @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs Trust in the media is at the lowest level in all of US history The American people see throu…
RT @RightlyNews: @realDonaldTrump @LouDobbs It is NOT a coincidence that the economy boomed immediately after the 2016 election
Such a wonderful statement from the great @LouDobbs "We take up what may be the most accomplished presidency in modern American history"
ObamaCare is causing such grief and tragedy for so many It is being dismantled but in the meantime premiums &amp deductibles are way up!
Money pouring into Insurance Companies profits under the guise of ObamaCare is over They have made a fortune
Dems must get smart &amp deal!
Many people talking with much agreement on my Iran speech today Participants in the deal are making lots of money on trade with Iran!
Starting to develop a much better relationship with Pakistan and its leaders I want to thank them for their cooperation on many fronts
WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
Today I announced our strategy to confront the Iranian regime’s hostile actions and to ensure that they never acqu… 
"Consumer confidence soars to highest level since 2004"
📈 
In America we don't worship government - we worship God 
ValuesVotersSummit 
I have no greater privilege than to serve as your Commander-in-Chief HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the incredible men and wome… 
The wonderful people of Puerto Rico with their unmatched spirit know how bad things were before the H's I will always be with them!
Hard to believe that the Democrats who have gone so far LEFT that they are no longer recognizable are fighting so hard for Sanctuary crime
ObamaCare is a broken mess Piece by piece we will now begin the process of giving America the great HealthCare it deserves!
Sadly they and others are Fake News and the public is just beginning to figure it out! 
RT @billoreilly: A free press is vital to protecting all Americans A corrupt press damages the Republic
The Democrats ObamaCare is imploding Massive subsidy payments to their pet insurance companies has stopped Dems should call me to fix!
It is time to take care of OUR COUNTRY to rebuild OUR COMMUNITIES and to protect our GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS!… 
People are just now starting to find out how dishonest and disgusting (FakeNews) @NBCNews is Viewers beware May be worse than even @CNN!
Happy NationalFarmersDay!
📸 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working FAMILIES &amp that encourages companies to STAY in AMERICA GROW in AMERI… 
The time has come to take action to IMPROVE access INCREASE choices and LOWER COSTS for HEALTHCARE! 
➡️… 
The Fake News Is going all out in order to demean and denigrate! Such hatred!
We cannot keep FEMA the Military &amp the First Responders who have been amazing (under the most difficult circumstances) in PR forever!
accountability say the Governor Electric and all infrastructure was disaster before hurricanes Congress to decide how much to spend
"Puerto Rico survived the Hurricanes now a financial crisis looms largely of their own making" says Sharyl Attkisson A total lack of
Clips from tax speech and @seanhannity on @foxandfriends now Have a great day!
RT @realDonaldTrump: I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE Enjoy!
In even the darkest moments the light of our people has shown through their goodness their courage and their love… 
Network news has become so partisan distorted and fake that licenses must be challenged and if appropriate revoked Not fair to public!
Joining @SeanHannity tonight at 9pmE on @FoxNews Enjoy! 
We need a tax system that is FAIR to working families &amp that encourages companies to STAY in America GROW in Ameri… 
I will be interviewed tonight on @FoxNews by @SeanHannity at 9pmE Enjoy!
Join me LIVE at 5:45pmE from Harrisburg Pennsylvania! 
TaxReform USA🇺🇸
 
Happy to announce we are awarding $1M to Las Vegas - in order to help local law enforcement working OT to respond to last Sunday’s tragedy
With all of the Fake News coming out of NBC and the Networks at what point is it appropriate to challenge their License? Bad for country!
Fake @NBCNews made up a story that I wanted a "tenfold" increase in our US nuclear arsenal Pure fiction made up to demean NBC = CNN!
It is about time that Roger Goodell of the NFL is finally demanding that all players STAND for our great National Anthem-RESPECT OUR COUNTRY
The Democrats want MASSIVE tax increases &amp soft crime producing bordersThe Republicans want the biggest tax cut in history &amp the WALL!
It would be really nice if the Fake News Media would report the virtually unprecedented Stock Market growth since the electionNeed tax cuts
if Congress gives us the massive tax cuts (and reform) I am asking for those numbers will grow by leaps and bounds MAGA
Stock Market has increased by 52 Trillion dollars since the election on November 8th a 25% increase Lowest unemployment in 16 years and
fired This story is totally made up by the dishonest mediaThe Chief is doing a FANTASTIC job for me and more importantly for the USA!
The Fake News is at it again this time trying to hurt one of the finest people I know General John Kelly by saying he will soon be
My great honor to host the 2017 back-to-back StanleyCup Champion Pittsburgh Penguins at the WH with @FLOTUS today!… 
RT @IsraelUSAforevr: @realDonaldTrump  
The Failing @nytimes set Liddle' Bob Corker up by recording his conversation Was made to sound a fool and that's what I am dealing with!
Highly respected author Christopher Bedford just came out with book "The Art of the Donald Lessons from America's" Really good book!
With Jemele Hill at the mike it is no wonder ESPN ratings have "tanked" in fact tanked so badly it is the talk of the industry!
Since Congress can't get its act together on HealthCare I will be using the power of the pen to give great HealthCare to many people - FAST
The problem with agreeing to a policy on immigration is that the Democrats don't want secure bordersthey don't care about safety for USA
Why is the NFL getting massive tax breaks while at the same time disrespecting our Anthem Flag and Country? Change tax law!
RT @IvankaTrump: @realDonaldTrump stock market rally is close to becoming the greatest in 85 years 
A big salute to Jerry Jones owner of the Dallas Cowboys who will BENCH players who disrespect our Flag"Stand for Anthem or sit for game!"
"President Donald J Trump Proclaims October 9 2017 as ColumbusDay" 
The trip by @VP Pence was long planned He is receiving great praise for leaving game after the players showed such disrespect for country!
Our country has been unsuccessfully dealing with North Korea for 25 years giving billions of dollars &amp getting nothing Policy didn't work!
"The Republican Party is racking up record amounts of small dollar donations - fueled by Trump supporters"   @nypost  Thank you!
Nobody could have done what I’ve done for PuertoRico with so little appreciation So much work! 
Bob Corker gave us the Iran Deal &amp that's about it We need HealthCare we need Tax Cuts/Reform we need people that can get the job done!
RT @opinionsamerica: @realDonaldTrump Strong administration leads to a strong response
FEMA and first responders are working hard (yet again) on Hurricane Nate Military helping Very much under control!
I asked @VP Pence to leave stadium if any players kneeled disrespecting our country I am proud of him and @SecondLady Karen
Hence I would fully expect Corker to be a negative voice and stand in the way of our great agenda Didn't have the guts to run!
my endorsement) He also wanted to be Secretary of State I said "NO THANKS" He is also largely responsible for the horrendous Iran Deal!
Senator Bob Corker "begged" me to endorse him for re-election in Tennessee I said "NO" and he dropped out (said he could not win without
LasVegasStrong USA🇺🇸
🎥
RT @realDonaldTrump: More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on TV when you look at the…
Leaving the White House for the Great State of North Carolina Big progress being made on many fronts!
Thanks for your support! 
hasn't worked agreements violated before the ink was dry makings fools of US negotiators Sorry but only one thing will work!
Presidents and their administrations have been talking to North Korea for 25 years agreements made and massive amounts of money paid
Will be joining @GovMikeHuckabee tonight at 8pmE on @TBN Enjoy! 
Our great team at @FEMA is prepared for HurricaneNate Everyone in LA MS AL and FL please listen to your local authorities &amp be safe!
@NBCNews is so knowingly inaccurate with their reporting The good news is that the PEOPLE get it which is really all that matters! Not 1
I called Chuck Schumer yesterday to see if the Dems want to do a great HealthCare Bill ObamaCare is badly broken big premiums Who knows!
More and more people are suggesting that Republicans (and me) should be given Equal Time on TV when you look at the one-sided coverage?
Late Night host are dealing with the Democrats for their very "unfunny" &amp repetitive material always anti-Trump! Should we get Equal Time?
contributions The RNC is taking in far more $'s than the Dems and much of it by my wonderful small donors I am working hard for them!
Can't believe I finally got a good story in the @washingtonpost It discusses the enthusiasm of "Trump" voters through campaign
RT @FoxBusiness: StockAlert: US markets since the election 
RT @Scavino45: @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in the Oval Office w/senior US military leaders prior to dinner hosted by the President &amp First L…
Ralph Northamwho is running for Governor of Virginiais fighting for the violent MS-13 killer gangs &amp sanctuary cities  Vote Ed Gillespie!
Rex Tillerson never threatened to resign This is Fake News put out by @NBCNews Low news and reporting standards No verification from me
Stock Market hits an ALL-TIME high! Unemployment lowest in 16 years! Business and manufacturing enthusiasm at highest level in decades!
Why Isn't the Senate Intel Committee looking into the Fake News Networks in OUR country to see why so much of our news is just made up-FAKE!
Thank you! 
So wonderful to be in Las Vegas yesterday and meet with people from police to doctors to the victims themselves who I will never forget!
RT @ABC: Pres Trump: "We cannot be defined by the evil that threatens us or the violence that incites such terror" 
RT @Scavino45: @POTUS &amp @FLOTUS w/ @LVMPD Officer Cook 2nd day on job received gunshot wound to the right chest &amp right arm saving live…
RT @Scavino45: @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @FLOTUS Melania visit with @UMCSN patient Tiffany Huizarin Las Vegas earlier today VegasStron…
RT @FoxNews: Geraldo Blasts 'Fake News' Reports About Trump's Visit to Puerto Rico 
On behalf of a GRATEFUL NATION THANK YOU to all of the First Responders (HEROES) who saved countless lives in Las… 
WE LOVE YOU LAS VEGAS! 
I will be landing in Las Vegas shortly to pay my respects with @FLOTUS Melania Everyone remains in our thoughts and prayers
The @NBCNews story has just been totally refuted by Sec Tillerson and @VP Pence It is FakeNews They should issue an apology to AMERICA!
NBC news is FakeNews and more dishonest than even CNN They are a disgrace to good reporting No wonder their news ratings are way down!
Wow so many Fake News stories today No matter what I do or say they will not write or speak truth The Fake News Media is out of control!
A great day in Puerto Rico yesterday While some of the news coverage is Fake most showed great warmth and friendship
My Administration will continue to work around the clock with Governor @RicardoRossello &amp his team Great progress… 
RT @PressSec: @POTUS and @FLOTUS meet w/ some of America's finest on the USS Kearsarge off the coast of PR 
RT @seanhannity: Tonight the truth about how despicable the media and the left are in America today We will name names 9 est Hannity Fox…
RT @IvankaTrump: 3/4: This Administration is deeply committed to those who serve &amp their families who make it possible through their love a…
RT @billoreilly: FNC dominated ratings last night MSNBC-disaster demonstrating folks don't trust the network  toni…
RT @Jenniffer2012: Thank you @realDonaldTrump for all the help you are providing for Puerto Rico We’re are grateful and happy to welcome y…
It is a "miracle" how fast the Las Vegas Metropolitan Police were able to find the demented shooter and stop him from even more killing!
So proud of @FEMA Military and First Responders! Thank you! 
Great meeting with Governor Mapp of the USVI He is very thankful for the great job done by @FEMA and First Respon… 
Leaving Puerto Rico now for DC Will be in Las Vegas early tomorrow to pay my respects Everyone is in my thoughts… 
I am so proud of our great Country God bless America!
My warmest condolences and sympathies to the victims and families of the terrible Las Vegas shooting God bless you!
Congratulations to TeamUSA🇺🇸🏆on your great @PresidentsCup victory! 
Being nice to Rocket Man hasn't worked in 25 years why would it work now? Clinton failed Bush failed and Obama failed I won't fail
Save your energy Rex we'll do what has to be done!
I told Rex Tillerson our wonderful Secretary of State that he is wasting his time trying to negotiate with Little Rocket Man
for safety Thank you to the Governor of PR and to all of those who are working so closely with our First Responders Fantastic job!
people are now starting to recognize the amazing work that has been done by FEMA and our great Military All buildings now inspected
We have done a great job with the almost impossible situation in Puerto Rico Outside of the Fake News or politically motivated ingrates
19000 RESPECTING our National Anthem! StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸 
In analyzing the Alabama Primary raceFAKE NEWS always fails to mention that the candidate I endorsed went up MANY points after endorsement!
Because of FakeNews my people are not getting the credit they deserve for doing a great job As seen here they ar… 
Very important that NFL players STAND tomorrow and always for the playing of our National Anthem Respect our Flag and our Country!
I will be in PR on Tues to further ensure we continue doing everything possible to assist &amp support the people in their time of great need
Results of recovery efforts will speak much louder than complaints by San Juan Mayor Doing everything we can to help great people of PR!
We must all be united in offering assistance to everyone suffering in Puerto Rico and elsewhere in the wake of this terrible disaster
@ricardorossello FakeNews critics are working overtime but we're getting great marks from the people that truly matter! 
PRStrong🇵🇷
My Administration Governor @RicardoRossello and many others are working together to help the people of Puerto Rico in every way
To the people of Puerto Rico:
Do not believe the FakeNews!
PRStrong🇵🇷
Congresswoman Jennifer Gonzalez-Colon of Puerto Rico has been wonderful to deal with and a great representative of the people Thank you!
Just spoke to Governor Kenneth Mapp of the US Virgin Islands who stated that FEMA and Military are doing a GREAT job! Thank you Governor!
The Governor of Puerto Rico Ricardo Rossello is a great guy and leader who is really working hard Thank you Ricky!
Despite the Fake News Media in conjunction with the Dems an amazing job is being done in Puerto Rico Great people!
The Fake News Networks are working overtime in Puerto Rico doing their best to take the spirit away from our soldiers and first R's Shame!
I will be going to Puerto Rico on Tuesday with Melania Will hopefully be able to stop at the US Virgin Islands (people working hard)
Fake News CNN and NBC are going out of their way to disparage our great First Responders as a way to "get Trump" Not fair to FR or effort!
RT @FLOTUS: Thank you to all who participated in today's discussion on opioid abuse By talking about it we can start to make a real diffe…
RT @DeptofDefense: VIDEO: Elements of the DoD and @FEMA are providing humanitarian relief for PuertoRico 🇵🇷  and USVI 🇻🇮  
RT @usairforce: ⚡️ “AirForce relief efforts in PuertoRico &amp VirginIslands”


RT @USCGSoutheast: @USCG crews worked together with the @RedCross @fema and members of local police fire and government to distribut…
The military and first responders despite no electric roads phones etc have done an amazing job Puerto Rico was totally destroyed
want everything to be done for them when it should be a community effort 10000 Federal workers now on Island doing a fantastic job
Such poor leadership ability by the Mayor of San Juan and others in Puerto Rico who are not able to get their workers to help They
The Mayor of San Juan who was very complimentary only a few days ago has now been told by the Democrats that you must be nasty to Trump
RT @Scavino45: USNSComfort en route to PuertoRico from Norfolk Virginia to support Hurricane Maria relief efforts 🇺🇸🇵🇷 
RT @Scavino45: Under POTUS' @realDonaldTrump 
☑️S&ampP 500 38th📈Record High 
☑️NASDAQ 44th📈Record High
☑️MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸 
RT @Scavino45: "Manufacturer Optimism Hits Record High After TaxReform Plan Revealed" 
RT @Scavino45: POTUS' @realDonaldTrump on Hurricane Response Efforts in PuertoRico on Instagram part of 9/29/17 Weekly Address
🎥
RT @EricTrump: Congratulations @SeanHannity! Looking forward to being on the show tonight at 9pmET  Hannity beats Maddow - POLITICO 
RT @FoxNews: TUNE IN: @EricTrump joins @seanhannity TONIGHT at 9p ET on @FoxNews Channel! Hannityat9 
RT @LouDobbs: AmericaFirst- @KellyannePolls: The Middle Class &amp businesses will benefit from @POTUS' historic tax revolution Dobbs MAGA…
@IMPDnews @POTUS THANK YOU to the amazing Indianapolis Metropolitan Police Department and all law enforcement offic… 
Join me for my WeeklyAddress🇺🇸
 
My thoughts are with all those observing Yom Kippur the holiest day of the Jewish year 
Thank you @ShopFloorNAM An honor to be with you today Great news! Manufacturers report record-high economic optim… 
This week we came one step closer to reaching the goal of aligning the skills taught in our nation’s classrooms wit… 
RECORD HIGH FOR S &amp P 500!
Thank you to FEMA our great Military &amp all First Responders who are working so hardagainst terrible oddsin Puerto Rico See you Tuesday!
The fact is that Puerto Rico has been destroyed by two hurricanes Big decisions will have to be made as to the cost of its rebuilding!
Puerto Rico Governor Ricardo Rossello just stated: "The Administration and the President every time we've spoken they've delivered
GDP was revised upward to 31 for last quarter Many people thought it would be years before that happened We have just begun!
RT @GOPChairwoman: The Trump Inaugural Committee is donating $3 million in surplus funds to victims of the latest hurricanes 

Puerto Rico is devastated Phone system electric grid many roads gone FEMA and First Responders are amazing Governor said "great job!"
RT @billoreilly: Hannity crushing MSNBC at 9 Good for him! Check the No Spin News on  Killing England a huge bests…
RT @IvankaTrump: Thank you to the amazing men and women working tirelessly to bring relief to those in need PuertoRico HurricaneMaria ht…
really hard to help but many have lost their homes Military is now on site and I will be there Tuesday Wish press would treat fairly!
FEMA &amp First Responders are doing a GREAT job in Puerto Rico Massive food &amp water delivered Docks &amp electric grid dead Locals trying
Welcome back @SteveScalise!
TeamScalise 
The electric power grid in Puerto Rico is totally shot Large numbers of generators are now on Island Food and water on site
Democrats don't want massive tax cuts - how does that win elections? Great reviews for Tax Cut and Reform Bill
It is time to take care of OUR people to rebuild OUR NATION and to fight for OUR GREAT AMERICAN WORKERS!… 
This is the right TAX CUT @ the RIGHT TIME We will ALL succeed &amp grow TOGETHER – as one team one people &amp one Am… 
Just arrived in Indianapolis Indiana to make an announcement on TaxReform! Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA… 
But the people were Pro-Trump! Virtually no President has accomplished what we have accomplished in the first 9 months-and economy roaring
Facebook was always anti-TrumpThe Networks were always anti-Trump henceFake News @nytimes(apologized) &amp @WaPo were anti-Trump Collusion?
We will have the votes for Healthcare but not for the reconciliation deadline of Friday after which we need 60 Get rid of Filibuster Rule!
With one Yes vote in hospital &amp very positive signs from Alaska and two others (McCain is out) we have the HCare Vote but not for Friday!
Spoke to Jerry Jones of the Dallas Cowboys yesterday Jerry is a winner who knows how to get things done Players will stand for Country!
Spoke to Roy Moore of Alabama last night for the first time Sounds like a really great guy who ran a fantastic race He will help to MAGA!
Congratulations to Roy Moore on his Republican Primary win in Alabama Luther Strange started way back &amp ran a good race Roy WIN in Dec!
Even Usain Bolt from Jamaica one of the greatest runners and athletes of all time showed RESPECT for our National… 
70 years ago today the National Security Council met for the first time Great history of advising Presidents-then &amp now! Thanks NSC Staff!
Thank you to our wonderful team @USUN and their families Keep up the GREAT work! USA🇺🇸 
It was an honor to welcome President @MarianoraJoy of Spain Thank you for standing w/ us in our efforts to isolate… 
I want to express our support and extend our prayers to all those affected by the vile terror attack in Spain last… 
America's hearts &amp prayers are with the people of PuertoRico &amp the USVI We will get through this - and we will g… 
Heading over to the @UN to meet with Ambassador @NikkiHaley and all of her great representatives! USA🇺🇸
RT @ricardorossello: Briefed @POTUS @realDonaldTrump in SituationRoom and thanked him for his leadership quick response &amp commitment to o…
Honored to welcome Republican and Democrat members of the House Ways and Means Committee to the White House today!… 
The NFL has all sorts of rules and regulations The only way out for them is to set a rule that you can't kneel during our National Anthem!
Thank you to Carmen Yulin Cruz the Mayor of San Juan for your kind words on FEMA etcWe are working hard Much food and water there/on way
Great interview on @foxandfriends with the parents of Otto Warmbier: 1994 - 2017 Otto was tortured beyond belief by North Korea
But while Dallas dropped to its knees as a team they all stood up for our National Anthem Big progress being made-we all love our country!
The booing at the NFL football game last night when the entire Dallas team dropped to its knees was loudest I have ever heard Great anger
Ratings for NFL football are way down except before game starts when people tune in to see whether or not our country will be disrespected!
A few of the many clips of John McCain talking about Repealing &amp Replacing O'Care My oh my has he changed-complete… 
owed to Wall Street and the banks which sadly must be dealt with Food water and medical are top priorities - and doing well FEMA
It's old electrical grid which was in terrible shape was devastated Much of the Island was destroyed with billions of dollars
Texas &amp Florida are doing great but Puerto Rico which was already suffering from broken infrastructure &amp massive debt is in deep trouble
Tremendous backlash against the NFL and its players for disrespect of our Country
StandForOurAnthem🇺🇸
General John Kelly totally agrees w/ my stance on NFL players and the fact that they should not be disrespecting our FLAG or GREAT COUNTRY!
@CNN is FakeNews Just reported COS (John Kelly) was opposed to my stance on NFL players disrespecting FLAG ANTHEM COUNTRY Total lie!
RT @jayMAGA45: NFLplayer PatTillman joined US Army in 2002 He was killed in action 2004 He fought 4our country/freedom StandForOurAnt…
StandForOurAnthem
The White House never looked more beautiful than it did returning last night Important meetings taking place today Big tax cuts &amp reform
The issue of kneeling has nothing to do with race It is about respect for our Country Flag and National Anthem NFL must respect this!
Many people booed the players who kneeled yesterday (which was a small percentage of total) These are fans who demand respect for our Flag!
So proud of NASCAR and its supporters and fans They won't put up with disrespecting our Country or our Flag - they said it loud and clear!
Making America Safe is my number one priority We will not admit those into our country we cannot safely vet

Sports fans should never condone players that do not stand proud for their National Anthem or their Country NFL should change policy!
Alaska Arizona Maine and Kentucky are big winners in the Healthcare proposal 7 years of Repeal &amp Replace and some Senators not there
Courageous Patriots have fought and died for our great American Flag --- we MUST honor and respect it!  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @DonnaWR8: @realDonaldTrump I wonder what this BRAVE American would give to stand on his OWN two legs just ONCE MORE for our Anthem?…
RT @DonnaWR8: @realDonaldTrump You can boycott our anthem 

WE CAN BOYCOTT YOU! 

NFL MAGA 
Please to inform that the Champion Pittsburgh Penguins of the NHL will be joining me at the White House for Ceremony Great team!
Great solidarity for our National Anthem and for our Country Standing with locked arms is good kneeling is not acceptable Bad ratings!
NFL attendance and ratings are WAY DOWN Boring games yes but many stay away because they love our country League should back US
If NFL fans refuse to go to games until players stop disrespecting our Flag &amp Country you will see change take place fast Fire or suspend!
Just heard Foreign Minister of North Korea speak at UN If he echoes thoughts of Little Rocket Man they won't be around much longer!
Roger Goodell of NFL just put out a statement trying to justify the total disrespect certain players show to our countryTell them to stand!
Democrats are laughingly saying that McCain had a "moment of courage" Tell that to the people of Arizona who were deceived 116% increase!
Iran just test-fired a Ballistic Missile capable of reaching IsraelThey are also working with North KoreaNot much of an agreement we have!
Very proud of our incredible First Lady (@FLOTUS) She is a truly great representative for our country! 
our Great American Flag (or Country) and should stand for the National Anthem If not YOU'RE FIRED Find something else to do!
If a player wants the privilege of making millions of dollars in the NFLor other leagues he or she should not be allowed to disrespect
Going to the White House is considered a great honor for a championship teamStephen Curry is hesitatingtherefore invitation is withdrawn!
It was great being with Luther Strange last night in Alabama What great people what a crowd! Vote Luther on Tuesday
Alaska had a 200% plus increase in premiums under ObamaCare worst in the country Deductibles high people angry! Lisa M comes through
I know Rand Paul and I think he may find a way to get there for the good of the Party!
Large Block Grants to States is a good thing to do Better control &amp  management Great for Arizona McCain let his best friend LG down!
Arizona had a 116% increase in ObamaCare premiums last year with deductibles very high Chuck Schumer sold John McCain a bill of goods Sad
John McCain never had any intention of voting for this Bill which his Governor loves He campaigned on Repeal &amp Replace Let Arizona down!
Heading to Alabama now big crowd!
Thank you to Doug Parker and American Airlines for all of the help you have given to the US with Hurricane flights Fantastic job!
USAatUNGA🇺🇸UNGA 
Will be in Alabama tonight Luther Strange has gained mightily since my endorsement but will be very close He loves Alabama and so do I!
The greatest influence over our election was the Fake News Media "screaming" for Crooked Hillary Clinton Next she was a bad candidate!
The Russia hoax continues now it's ads on Facebook What about the totally biased and dishonest Media coverage in favor of Crooked Hillary?
RT @DonnaWR8: @POTUS TRUMP🇺🇸 &amp @FLOTUS🌺

When ALL seemed HOPELESSYOU brought HOPE!

You INSPIRE us ALL!

MAGA Harvey @Scavino45 USA…
RT @TwitterData: These are the 10 most Tweeted about world leaders during the first day of UNGA General Debate 
Thank you! 
Kim Jong Un of North Korea who is obviously a madman who doesn't mind starving or killing his people will be tested like never before!
Rand Paul or whoever votes against Hcare Bill will forever (future political campaigns) be known as "the Republican who saved ObamaCare"
A big day for the US at the United Nations!
Senator Luther Strange has gone up a lot in the polls since I endorsed him a month ago Now a close runoff He will be great in DC
Today I announced a new Executive Order with re: to North Korea We must all do our part to ensure the complete de… 
It was a great privilege to meet with President Moon of South Korea
Stay tuned! 🇺🇸🇰🇷UNGA 
It was wonderful to have President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine with us in New York City today UNGA
🎥… 
It was a pleasure to have President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan with us this morning! USAatUNGA UNGA 
Governor @RicardoRossello- 
We are with you and the people of Puerto Rico Stay safe! PRStrong
Senator (Doctor) Bill Cassidy is a class act who really cares about people and their Health(care) he doesn't lie-just wants to help people!
The NRA strongly endorses Luther Strange for Senator of AlabamaThat means all gun owners should vote for Big Luther He won't let you down!
I would not sign Graham-Cassidy if it did not include coverage of pre-existing conditions It does! A great Bill Repeal &amp Replace
Alabama is sooo lucky to have a candidate like "Big" Luther Strange Smart tough on crime borders &amp trade loves Vets &amp Military Tuesday!
On behalf of all Americans I want to wish Jewish families many blessings in the New Year  
RT @VP: Went to the Senate today to say @POTUS &amp I fully support Graham-Cassidy plan to repeal/replace Obamacare Let's get this done 
Honored to host a luncheon for African leaders this afternoon Great discussions on the challenges &amp opportunities… 
Honored to meet w/ Pres Abbas from the Palestinian Authority &amp his delegation who have been working hard w/everybo… 
It was a great honor to be with King Abdullah II of Jordan and his delegation this morning We had a GREAT bilatera… 
Looking forward to Friday night in the Great State of Alabama I am supporting "Big" Luther Strange because he was so loyal &amp helpful to me!
I hope Republican Senators will vote for Graham-Cassidy and fulfill their promise to Repeal &amp Replace ObamaCare Money direct to States!
Rand Paul is a friend of mine but he is such a negative force when it comes to fixing healthcare Graham-Cassidy Bill is GREAT! Ends Ocare!
RT @FranklinGraham: Join me in praying for @POTUS He reminded the world “If the righteous many do not confront the wicked few then evil…
Thank you  @foxandfriends - great show!
RT @RealEagleBites: @realDonaldTrump It is the height of hypocrisy Obama and Clinton in effect gave nuclear weapons to North Korea by thei…
The world is noticing thanks! 
RT @DonnaWR8: @realDonaldTrump Thank you @POTUS for believing in Us like we believed in you! MAGA 
After allowing North Korea to research and build Nukes while Secretary of State (Bill C also) Crooked Hillary now criticizes
Big meetings today at the United Nations So many interesting leaders America First will MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
RT @Scavino45: "The Iran deal was one of the worst &amp most one sided transactions the United States has EVER entered into"
@POTUS @realDona…
RT @Scavino45: WeThePeople🇺🇸
USAatUNGA UNGA 
RT @Scavino45: @POTUS @realDonaldTrump and @UN Secretary-General @AntonioGuterres pose for📸prior to their expanded bilateral meeting USA…
I was saddened to see how bad the ratings were on the Emmys last night - the worst ever Smartest people of them all are the "DEPLORABLES"
So nice thank you! 
A great and important day at the United NationsMet with leaders of many nations who agree with much (or all) of what I stated in my speech!
Puerto Rico being hit hard by new monster Hurricane Be careful our hearts are with you- will be there to help!
The true question for the @UN
🎥
It was a great honor to have spoken before the countries of the world at the United Nations
USAatUNGA🇺🇸UNGA… 
God bless the people of Mexico City We are with you and will be there for you
As President of the United States of America I will ALWAYS put AmericaFirst🇺🇸UNGA
Full remarks:… 
The🇺🇸has great strength &amp patience but if it is forced to defend itself or its allies we will have no choice but… 
RT @IvankaTrump: I have long respected India's accomplished and charismatic Foreign Minister @SushmaSwaraj and it was an honor to meet her…
Big day at the United Nations - many good things and some tricky ones happening We have a great team Big speech at 10:00 AM
USAatUNGA🇺🇸 UNGA 
We call for the full restoration of democracy and political freedoms in Venezuela and we want it to happen very v… 
It was a great honor to be with President @EmmanuelMacron of France this afternoon with his delegation Great bilat… 
Such an honor to have my good friend Israel PM @Netanyahu join us w/ his delegation in NYC this afternoon UNGA… 
Looking forward to meeting with Prime Minister @Netanyahu shortly Peace in the Middle East would be a truly great legacy for ALL people!
We commend SG @AntonioGuterres &amp his call for the UN to focus more on people &amp less on bureaucracy USAatUNGA… 
Happy 70th Birthday @CIA! 
Happy 70th Birthday @USAirForce! 
RT @realDonaldTrump: Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher mannerThe internet is their main recruitment tool which we must…
RT @realDonaldTrump: The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be…
Important meetings and calls scheduled for today Military and economy are getting stronger by the day and our enemies know it MAGA
RT @markets: What Is Trump worth to Twitter? One analyst estimates $2 billion  
My great honor! 
RT @Fuctupmind: @realDonaldTrump Donald Trump's amazing golf swing CrookedHillary 
RT @TeamTrump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @TeamTrump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @TeamTrump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @glamourizes: @realDonaldTrump Only true Americans can see that president Trump is making America great He's the only person who can! H…
RT @TeamTrump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @dmartosko: This is the NYTimes Can you understand why so many reporters are cautious about working for them? 
Thank you! 
I spoke with President Moon of South Korea last night Asked him how Rocket Man is doing Long gas lines forming in North Korea Too bad!
Attorney General Bill Schuette will be a fantastic Governor for the great State of Michigan I am bringing back your jobs and Bill will help
I will be in Huntsville Alabama on Saturday night to support Luther Strange for Senate "Big Luther" is a great guy who gets things done!
A great deal of good things happening for our country Jobs and Stock Market at all time highs and I believe will be getting even better!
HAPPY 70th BIRTHDAY to the @USAirForce! The American people are eternally grateful Thank you for keeping America P… 
We will defend our people our nations and our civilization from all who dare to threaten our way of lifecont:… 
Our hearts &amp prayers go out to the people of London who suffered a vicious terrorist attack 
NEVER forget our HEROES held prisoner or who have gone missing in action while serving their country
Proclamation:… 
Frank “FX” Giaccio-
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp myself THANK YOU for doing a GREAT job this morning!… 
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
CHAIN MIGRATION cannot be allowed to be part of any legislation on Immigration!
ESPN is paying a really big price for its politics (and bad programming) People are dumping it in RECORD numbers Apologize for untruth!
We have made more progress in the last nine months against ISIS than the Obama Administration has made in 8 yearsMust be proactive &amp nasty!
The travel ban into the United States should be far larger tougher and more specific-but stupidly that would not be politically correct!
Loser terrorists must be dealt with in a much tougher mannerThe internet is their main recruitment tool which we must cut off &amp use better!
Another attack in London by a loser terroristThese are sick and demented people who were in the sights of Scotland Yard Must be proactive!
With the ridiculous Filibuster Rule in the Senate Republicans need 60 votes to pass legislation rather than 51 Can't get votes END NOW!
FLORIDA-
Just like TX WE are w/you today we are w/you tomorrow &amp we will be w/you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to RES… 
WE ARE WITH YOU FLORIDA!

Emergency Information 
1-800-342-3557


Volunteer 
1-800-FL-HELP-1… 
I told Republicans to approve healthcare fast or this would happen But don't worry I will veto because I love our country &amp its people
Bernie Sanders is pushing hard for a single payer healthcare plan - a curse on the US &amp its people
Spoke to President of Mexico to give condolences on terrible earthquake Unable to reach for 3 days b/c of his cell phone reception at site
Just left Florida for DC The people and spirit in THAT GREAT STATE is unbelievable Damage horrific but will be better than ever!
Am leaving now for Florida to see our GREAT first responders and to thank the US Coast Guard FEMA etc A real disaster much work to do!
They have been in our country for many years through no fault of their own - brought in by parents at young age Plus BIG border security
Does anybody really want to throw out good educated and accomplished young people who have jobs some serving in the military? Really!
The WALL which is already under construction in the form of new renovation of old and existing fences and walls will continue to be built
No deal was made last night on DACA Massive border security would have to be agreed to in exchange for consent Would be subject to vote
The "deplorables" came back to haunt HillaryThey expressed their feelings loud and clear She spent big money but in the end had no game!
Crooked Hillary Clinton blames everybody (and every thing) but herself for her election loss She lost the debates and lost her direction!
China has a business tax rate of 15% We should do everything possible to match them in order to win with our economy Jobs and wages!
With Irma and Harvey devastation Tax Cuts and Tax Reform is needed more than ever before Go Congress go!
I will be traveling to Florida tomorrow to meet with our great Coast Guard FEMA and many of the brave first responders &amp others
The approval process for the biggest Tax Cut &amp Tax Reform package in the history of our country will soon begin Move fast Congress!
It was a great honor to welcome Prime Minister Najib Abdul Razak of Malaysia and his distinguished delegation to th… 
Congratulations to Eric &amp Lara on the birth of their son Eric "Luke" Trump this morning! 
The devastation left by Hurricane Irma was far greater at least in certain locationsthan anyone thought - but amazing people working hard!
Fascinating to watch people writing books and major articles about me and yet they know nothing about me &amp have zero access FAKE NEWS!
RT @LouDobbs: Making America Great Again- @Kellyannepolls: After Irma @POTUS is focused on saving lives not swamp shenanigans Dobbs MA…
May God Forever Bless the United States of America NeverForget911 
NeverForget 
RT @Scavino45: Hurricane force winds hit Florida Keys 390 shelters have been opened in Florida Shelters near you➡️
RT @SecretarySonny: Serious @Cabinet meeting today called by @POTUS at Camp David Reports on Irma's track potential impact fed &amp state…
RT @TravelGov: Continue to notify us of US citizens overseas impacted by HurricaneIrma &amp HurricaneJose  
RT @KellyannePolls: Love and prayers for friends Adrienne &amp Eric Bolling 

May Eric Chase know eternal peace 
RT @NYPDnews: Many supported NYers when Sandy hit Now our NY Task Force-1 can be there to help others during Harvey &amp HurricaneIrma Here…
RT @seanhannity: @ericbolling To my dear friend please know we all love you will be here for you and your family
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Great pic from a friend on @CBPflorida @CustomsBorder who have been helping with harvey recovery and now with irma T…
RT @Scavino45: Florida Governor Rick @FLGovScott HurricaineIrma 
RT @EricTrump: Please stay safe Florida! You are in our thoughts and we are praying for you! 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
The US Coast Guard FEMA and all Federal and State brave people are ready Here comes Irma God bless everyone!
Heed the advice of @FLGovScott!

"If you're in an evacuation zone you need to get to a shelterthere's not many… 
This is a storm of enormous destructive power and I ask everyone in the storm’s path to heed ALL instructions from… 
FLORIDA- 
Visit  to find shelters road closures &amp evacuation routes Helpful Twitter list:… 
Churches in Texas should be entitled to reimbursement from FEMA Relief Funds for helping victims of Hurricane Harvey (just like others)
A message to my fellow Americans🇺🇸IrmaHurricane2017
🎥
🎥 
Republicans must start the Tax Reform/Tax Cut legislation ASAP Don't wait until the end of September Needed now more than ever Hurry!
never allow the Republicans to pass even great legislation 8 Dems control - will rarely get 60 (vs 51) votes It is a Repub Death Wish!
Republicans sorry but I've been hearing about Repeal &amp Replace for 7 years didn't happen! Even worse the Senate Filibuster Rule will
Our incredible US Coast Guard saved more than 15000 lives last week with Harvey Irma could be even tougher We love our Coast Guard!
Hurricane Irma is of epic proportion perhaps bigger than we have ever seen Be safe and get out of its wayif possible Federal G is ready!
We will confront ANY challenge no matter how strong the winds or high the water I’m proud to stand with Presidents for OneAmericaAppeal
I encourage EVERYONE in the path of HurricaneIrma to heed the advice and orders of local &amp state officials! 
During my trip to Saudi Arabia I spoke to the leaders of more than 50 Arab &amp Muslim nations about the need to conf… 
Together we will show the world that the forces of destruction and extremism are NO MATCH for the BLESSINGS of PRO… 
Welcome to the @WhiteHouse Amir Sabah al-Ahmed al-Jaber al-Sabah of Kuwait! Joint press conference coming up soon:… 
For all of those (DACA) that are concerned about your status during the 6 month period you have nothing to worry about - No action!
RT @GOP: @IvankaTrump: This administration is committed to keeping working families at the forefront of our agenda

RT @WhiteHouse: The current tax code is a burden on American taxpayers and harmful to American job-creators Learn more: 
RT @GOP: @POTUS: I want to work with Congress Republicans and Democrats on a plan that is pro-growth pro-jobs pro-worker and pro-Amer…
Thank you our great honor! 
Hurricane Irma is raging but we have great teams of talented and brave people already in place and ready to help Be careful be safe! FEMA
We want our companies to hire &amp grow in AMERICA to raise wages for AMERICAN workers &amp to help rebuild our AMERICA… 
If we want to renew our PROSPERITY restore OPPORTUNITY &amp re-establish our economic DOMINANCE then we need tax re… 
Thank you for joining me in Mandan ND Gov @DougBurgum Lt Gov @BrentSanfordND @SenJohnHoeven @RepKevinCramer… 
Wonderful to be in North Dakota with the incredible hardworking men &amp women @ the Andeavor Refinery 
Full remarks:… 
Just spoke w/ Governors Rick Scott of Florida Kenneth Mapp of the US Virgin Islands &amp Ricardo Rosselló of Puerto… 
'President Donald J Trump Approves Emergency Declarations'

➡️
➡️
➡️… 
RT @VP: @POTUS is committed to the health &amp well-being of the US people &amp we are confident Dr Jerome Adams will succeed as our new surgeo…
Hurricane looks like largest ever recorded in the Atlantic!
Watching Hurricane closely My team which has done and is doing such a good job in Texas is already in Florida No rest for the weary!
Will be going to North Dakota today to discuss tax reform and tax cuts We are the highest taxed nation in the world - that will change
Congress now has 6 months to legalize DACA (something the Obama Administration was unable to do) If they can't I will revisit this issue!
I look forward to working w/ D's + R's in Congress to address immigration reform in a way that puts hardworking citizens of our country 1st
RT @TheTrumpTrain: @realDonaldTrump Make no mistake we are going to put the interest of AMERICAN CITIZENS FIRST! 

The forgotten men &amp w…
I am allowing Japan &amp South Korea to buy a substantially increased amount of highly sophisticated military equipment from the United States
RT @DanScavino: 'Trump as Commander in Chief Making the Hard Decisions' by LTG (Ret) Kellogg a highly decorated Vietnam War Vet: 
Congress get ready to do your job - DACA!
Big week coming up!
We are building our future with American hands American labor American iron aluminum and steel Happy LaborDay! 
The United States is considering in addition to other options stopping all trade with any country doing business with North Korea
I will be meeting General Kelly General Mattis and other military leaders at the White House to discuss North Korea Thank you
South Korea is finding as I have told them that their talk of appeasement with North Korea will not work they only understand one thing!
North Korea is a rogue nation which has become a great threat and embarrassment to China which is trying to help but with little success
North Korea has conducted a major Nuclear Test Their words and actions continue to be very hostile and dangerous to the United States
So much SPIRIT in LA! Thank you to all of our HEREOS who saved many lives An honor to spend time w/ @NationalGuard… 
Remember Sunday is National Prayer Day (by Presidential Proclamation)!
Just got back to the White House from the Great States of Texas and Louisiana where things are going well Such cooperation &amp coordination!
The Manufacturing Index rose to 59% the highest level since early 2011 - and we can do much better!
RT @TeamTrump45: @realDonaldTrump  
RT @ColumbiaBugle: @realDonaldTrump @FLOTUS President Trump greeting families affected by Hurricane Harvey TexasStrong 
RT @ColumbiaBugle: @realDonaldTrump Love our @FLOTUS! 
Together we will prevail in the GREAT state of Texas We love you!

GOD BLESS TEXAS &amp GOD BLESS THE USA🇺🇸 
TEXAS: We are with you today we are with you tomorrow and we will be with you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to restore… 
Departing for Texas and Louisiana with @FLOTUS Melania right now @JBANAFW We will see you soon America is with y… 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania &amp myself THANK YOU for today's update &amp GREAT WORK! SouthernBaptist @SendRelief… 
I will be going to Texas and Louisiana tomorrow with First Lady Great progress being made! Spending weekend working at White House
Stock Market up 5 months in a row!
'President Donald J Trump Proclaims September 3 2017 as a National Day of Prayer' HurricaneHarvey PrayForTexas… 
Texas is healing fast thanks to all of the great men &amp women who have been working so hard But still so much to do Will be back tomorrow!
get things done at a record clip Many big decisions to be made over the coming days and weeks AMERICA FIRST!
General John Kelly is doing a great job as Chief of Staff I could not be happier or more impressed - and this Administration continues to
Wow looks like James Comey exonerated Hillary Clinton long before the investigation was overand so much more A rigged system!
THANK YOU to all of the incredible HEROES in Texas America is with you! TexasStrong 

RT @FoxNews: @KellyannePolls on Harvey recovery: We hope when it comes to basic Hurricane Harvey funding that we can rely upon a nonpartis…
RT @SecShulkin: Our Mobile Vet Center set up and ready to help Veterans impacted by HurricaneHarvey in Corpus Christi 
First responders have been doing heroic work Their courage &amp devotion has saved countless lives – they represent t… 
RT @IvankaTrump: We must reform our tax code so that all Americans can succeed in our modern economy &amp achieve the American Dream! TaxRefo…
Texas &amp Louisiana: We are w/ you today we are w/ you tomorrow &amp we will be w/ you EVERY SINGLE DAY AFTER to rest… 
Will be leaving for Missouri soon for a speech on tax cuts and tax reform - so badly needed!
After reading the false reporting and even ferocious anger in some dying magazines it makes me wonder WHY? All I want to do is MAGA!
After witnessing first hand the horror &amp devastation caused by Hurricane Harveymy heart goes out even more so to the great people of Texas!
The US has been talking to North Korea and paying them extortion money for 25 years Talking is not the answer!
RT @BrazoriaCounty: 
@foxandfriends   We are not looking to fill all of those positions Don't need many of them - reduce size of government @IngrahamAngle
Leaving now for Texas!
RT @TheFive: "Trump just won on law &amp order and now he's delivering the goods" -@jessebwatters thefive
RT @TXMilitary: PhotosFromTheField: Aerial photos from our rescue crews earlier today Harvey TMDHarvey @USNationalGuard 
RT @NWSHouston: Historic flooding is still ongoing across the area If evacuated please DO NOT return home until authorities indicate it i…
RT @GregAbbottTX: Thanks to the Texas National Guard for their help to rescue flooded Texans HurricaneHarvey 
RT @InspireUs: No color no religion no nationality should come between us we are all children of God - Mother Teresa
RT @KatiePavlich: Your boss pardoned a traitor who gave US enemies state secrets he also pardoned a terrorist who killed Americans Spar…
RT @DineshDSouza: Finally as if by accident the @washingtonpost breaks down &amp admits the truth about where the violence is coming from ht…
HISTORIC rainfall in Houston and all over Texas Floods are unprecedented and more rain coming Spirit of the people is incredibleThanks!
Major rescue operations underway!
Going to a Cabinet Meeting (tele-conference) at 11:00 AM on Harvey Even experts have said they've never seen one like this!
We are in the NAFTA (worst trade deal ever made) renegotiation process with Mexico &amp CanadaBoth being very difficultmay have to terminate?
With Mexico being one of the highest crime Nations in the world we must have THE WALL Mexico will pay for it through reimbursement/other
Wow - Now experts are calling Harvey a once in 500 year flood! We have an all out effort going and going well!
I will also be going to a wonderful state Missouri that I won by a lot in '16 Dem CM is opposed to big tax cuts Republican will win S!
I will be going to Texas as soon as that trip can be made without causing disruption The focus must be life and safety
Many people are now saying that this is the worst storm/hurricane they have ever seen Good news is that we have great talent on the ground
Great coordination between agencies at all levels of government Continuing rains and flash floods are being dealt with Thousands rescued
A great book by a great guy highly recommended! 
Wonderful coordination between Federal State and Local Governments in the Great State of Texas - TEAMWORK! Record setting rainfall
THANK YOU to all of the great volunteers helping out with HurricaneHarvey relief in Texas! 
Closely monitoring HurricaneHarvey from Camp David We are leaving nothing to chance City State and Federal Govs working great together!
@ChuckGrassley - got your message loud and clear We have fantastic people on the ground got there long before Harvey So far so good!
RT @VP: All Americans in harms way need to be prepared and should continue visiting  for critical updates on Hurric…
RT @EPAScottPruitt: Thoughts and prayers for those in Texas &amp Louisiana I am closely monitoring Harvey developments along with @fema &amp @E…
You are doing a great job - the world is watching! Be safe 
RT @GovAbbott: To ensure your safety ahead of Harvey heed warnings from local officials &amp review important safety information 
We will remain fully engaged w/ open lines of communication as HurricaneHarvey makes landfall America is w/ you!… 
I am pleased to inform you that I have just granted a full Pardon to 85 year old American patriot Sheriff Joe Arpaio He kept Arizona safe!
At the request of the Governor of Texas I have signed the Disaster Proclamation which unleashes the full force of government help!
Storm turned Hurricane is getting much bigger and more powerful than projected Federal Government is on site and ready to respond Be safe!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am monitoring the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey (as it strengthens to a Class 3) 125 MPH winds!
Just arrived at Camp David where I am closely watching the path and doings of Hurricane Harvey as it strengthens to a Category 3 BE SAFE!
I encourage everyone in the path of HurricaneHarvey to heed the advice &amp orders of their local and state officials 
Received a HurricaneHarvey briefing this morning from Acting @DHSgov Secretary Elaine Duke @FEMABrock… 
I have spoken w/ @GovAbbott of Texas and @LouisianaGov Edwards Closely monitoring HurricaneHarvey developments &amp here to assist as needed
Strange statement by Bob Corker considering that he is constantly asking me whether or not he should run again in '18 Tennessee not happy!
Nick Adams "Retaking America"  "Best things of this presidency aren't reported about Convinced this will be perhaps best presidency ever"
Few if any Administrations have done more in just 7 months than the Trump A Bills passed regulations killed border military ISIS SC!
General John Kelly is doing a fantastic job as Chief of Staff There is tremendous spirit and talent in the WH Don't believe the Fake News
If Senate Republicans don't get rid of the Filibuster Rule and go to a 51% majority few bills will be passed 8 Dems control the Senate!
RT @EricTrump: Honored to speak at the RNC Summer Meeting in Nashville Tennessee this evening! @GOP MAGA @GOPChairwoman 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 
RT @GregAbbottTX: Spoke with Pres Trump &amp heads of Homeland Security &amp FEMA They're helping Texas respond to HurricaneHarvey 
A GREAT HONOR to spend time with our BRAVE HEROES at the @USMC Air Station Yuma THANK YOU for your service to the… 
As HurricaneHarvey intensifies - remember to PlanAhead 
☑️
☑️ 
☑️… 
On Tuesday I visited with the incredible men &amp women of @ICEgov &amp @DHSgov Border Patrol in Yuma AZ Thank you We… 
The only problem I have with Mitch McConnell is that after hearing Repeal &amp Replace for 7 years he failed!That should NEVER have happened!
James Clapper who famously got caught lying to Congress is now an authority on Donald Trump Will he show you his beautiful letter to me?
(enthusiastic dynamic and fun) and the American Legion - VA (respectful and strong) Too bad the Dems have no one who can change tones!
The Fake News is now complaining about my different types of back to back speeches Well there was Afghanistan (somber) the big Rally
RT @JerryTravone: @realDonaldTrump  
didn't do it so now we have a big deal with Dems holding them up (as usual) on Debt Ceiling approval Could have been so easy-now a mess!
I requested that Mitch M &amp Paul R tie the Debt Ceiling legislation into the popular VA Bill (which just passed) for easy approval They
Donald E Ballard on behalf of the people of the United States THANK YOU for your courageous service YOU INSPIRE… 
A great honor to sign the Veterans Appeals Improvement &amp Modernization Act into law w/ @AmericanLegion @SecShulkin… 
As long as we have faith in each other and confidence in our values then there is no challenge too great for us to… 
If Republican Senate doesn't get rid of the Filibuster Rule &amp go to a simple majority which the Dems would do they are just wasting time!
Last night in Phoenix I read the things from my statements on Charlottesville that the Fake News Media didn't cover fairly People got it!
Phoenix crowd last night was amazing - a packed house I love the Great State of Arizona Not a fan of Jeff Flake weak on crime &amp border!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
DrainTheSwamp PhoenixRally 
Not only does the media give a platform to hate groups but the media turns a blind eye to the gang violence on our… 
Thank you Arizona Beautiful turnout of 15000 in Phoenix tonight! Full coverage of rally via my Facebook at:… 
THANK YOU to all of the great men and women at the US Customs and Border Protection facility in Yuma Arizona &amp a… 
We will push onward to victory w/hope in our hearts courage in our souls &amp everlasting pride in each &amp every one o… 
See you at 7:00 PM tonight Phoenix Arizona! MAGA🇺🇸
Tickets:  
We pray for our fallen heroes who died while serving our country in the @USNavy aboard the  USSJohnSMcCain and th… 
Was with great people last night in Fort Myer Virginia The future of our country is strong!
Address to the Nation
Full Video &amp Transcript:
 
Thank you to the men and women of Fort Myer and every member of the US Military at home and abroad USA🇺🇸 
RT @marcorubio: Good AfghanStrategy &amp excellent speech by @POTUS laying it out to the nation
Join me live from Fort Myer in Arlington Virginia 
➡️
Thank you the very dishonest Fake News Media is out of control! 
Jerry Falwell of Liberty University was fantastic on @foxandfriends The Fake News should listen to what he had to say Thanks Jerry!
Thoughts &amp prayers are w/ our @USNavy sailors aboard the USSJohnSMcCain where search &amp rescue efforts are underway 
Heading back to Washington after working hard and watching some of the worst and most dishonest Fake News reporting I have ever seen!
I want to applaud the many protestors in Boston who are speaking out against bigotry and hate Our country will soon come together as one!
Our great country has been divided for decades Sometimes you need protest in order to heal &amp we will heal &amp be stronger than ever before!
Great job by all law enforcement officers and Boston Mayor @MartyWalsh
Looks like many anti-police agitators in Boston Police are looking tough and smart! Thank you
Steve Bannon will be a tough and smart new voice at @BreitbartNewsmaybe even better than ever before Fake News needs the competition!
Important day spent at Camp David with our very talented Generals and military leaders Many decisions made including on Afghanistan
I want to thank Steve Bannon for his service He came to the campaign during my run against Crooked Hillary Clinton - it was great! Thanks S
My thoughts and prayers are with the @KissimmeePolice and their loved ones We are with you!
LESM
Today I signed the Global War on Terrorism War Memorial Act (HR873) The bill authorizescont➡️… 
Just returned to Bedminster NJ from Camp David GREAT meeting on National Security the Border and the Military!… 
I have directed that US Cyber Command be elevated to the status of a Unified Combatant Command focused oncont: 
RT @hughhewitt: @realDonaldTrump I spoke to a group of influential CA GOPers tonight long time activists bundlers influencers Support f…
RT @hughhewitt: NeverTrumpers elite MSMers and virtue signalers are persuading themselves that @realDonaldTrump supporters are deserting…
Heading to Camp David for major meeting on National Security the Border and the Military (which we are rapidly building to strongest ever)
Radical Islamic Terrorism must be stopped by whatever means necessary! The courts must give us back our protective rights Have to be tough!
The Obstructionist Democrats make Security for our country very difficult They use the courts and associated delay at all times Must stop!
Homeland Security and law enforcement are on alert &amp closely watching for any sign of trouble Our borders are far tougher than ever before!
Study what General Pershing of the United States did to terrorists when caught There was no more Radical Islamic Terror for 35 years!
The United States condemns the terror attack in Barcelona Spain and will do whatever is necessary to help Be tough &amp strong we love you!
the beauty that is being taken out of our cities towns and parks will be greatly missed and never able to be comparably replaced!
can't change history but you can learn from it Robert E Lee Stonewall Jackson - who's next Washington Jefferson? So foolish! Also
Sad to see the history and culture of our great country being ripped apart with the removal of our beautiful statues and monuments You
Many meetings today in Bedminster including with Secretary Linda M and Small Business Job numbers are looking great!
Great to see that Dr Kelli Ward is running against Flake Jeff Flake who is WEAK on borders crime and a non-factor in Senate He's toxic!
The public is learning (even more so) how dishonest the Fake News is They totally misrepresent what I say about hate bigotry etc Shame!
and people like Ms Heyer Such a disgusting lie He just can't forget his election trouncingThe people of South Carolina will remember!
Publicity seeking Lindsey Graham falsely stated that I said there is moral equivalency between the KKK neo-Nazis &amp white supremacists
THANK YOU @MayorGimenez for following the RULE OF LAW! Sanctuary cities make our country LESS SAFE! Full remarks:… 
Join me at 7:00 PM on Tuesday August 22nd in Phoenix Arizona at the Phoenix Convention Center! Tickets at:… 
Today in Bedminster I signed the Harry W Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 joined by… 
Just landed in Bedminster New Jersey MAGA 🎥
RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump President Trump alone has succeeded in bringing the Stock Market Small Business Index and Consumer Comfor…
Rather than putting pressure on the businesspeople of the Manufacturing Council &amp Strategy &amp Policy Forum I am ending both Thank you all!
Memorial service today for beautiful and incredible Heather Heyer a truly special young woman She will be long remembered by all!
Wow Senator Luther Strange picked up a lot of additional support since my endorsement Now in September runoff Strong on Wall &amp Crime!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Kim Jong Un of North Korea made a very wise and well reasoned decision The alternative would have been both catastrophic and unacceptable!
RT @FoxNews: @POTUS: "Our infrastructure will again be the best in the world We used to have the greatest infrastructure anywhere in the…
RT @jessebwatters: Thanks for watching!! 
Congratulations John! 
RT @Harlan: Watching MSM you would have no idea @realDonaldTrump clearly unambiguously &amp repeatedly condemned the bigotry &amp violence in Ch…
Congratulation to Roy Moore and Luther Strange for being the final two and heading into a September runoff in Alabama Exciting race!
Amazon is doing great damage to tax paying retailers Towns cities and states throughout the US are being hurt - many jobs being lost!
For every CEO that drops out of the Manufacturing Council I have many to take their place Grandstanders should not have gone on JOBS!
Big day in Alabama Vote for Luther Strange he will be great!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS EXCLUSIVE: President Trump 'seriously considering' a pardon for ex-Sheriff Joe Arpaio 
@foxandfriends According to report just out President Obama knew about Russian interference 3 years ago but he didn't want to anger Russia!
Senator Luther Strange who is doing a great job for the people of Alabama will be on @foxandfriends at 7:15 Tough on crime borders etc
RT @JackPosobiec: Meanwhile: 39 shootings in Chicago this weekend 9 deaths No national media outrage Why is that? 
Feels good to be home after seven months but the White House is very special there is no place like it and the US is really my home!
RT @foxandfriends: Sec Mattis: If North Korea fires missile at US it's 'game on' 
RT @FiIibuster: @realDonaldTrump We have a President that is putting the security and prosperity of America first Thank you President Tru…
Made additional remarks on Charlottesville and realize once again that the Fake News Media will never be satisfiedtruly bad people!
Leaving for New York City and meetings on military purchases and trade
Big day in Washington DC even though White House &amp Oval Office are being renovated Great trade deals coming for American workers!
@Merck Pharma is a leader in higher &amp higher drug prices while at the same time taking jobs out of the US Bring jobs back &amp LOWER PRICES!
Now that Ken Frazier of Merck Pharma has resigned from President's Manufacturing Councilhe will have more time to LOWER RIPOFF DRUG PRICES!
The Obstructionist Democrats have given us (or not fixed) some of the worst trade deals in World History I am changing that fast!
Luther Strange of the Great State of Alabama has my endorsement He is strong on Border &amp Wall the military tax cuts &amp law enforcement
Heading to Washington this morning Much work to do Focus on trade and military MAGA
RT @axios: The DOJ is opening a civil rights investigation on the car attack in Charlottesville 
RT @FoxNews: @AlanDersh: Trump Has 'More Credibility' Than Obama With North Korea  
RT @DailyCaller: Guam Governor To Trump: I’ve Never Felt Safer Than ‘With You At The Helm’  
RT @SecretService: Our thoughts &amp prayers are with the families friends &amp colleagues of Virginia's @VSPPIO Lt Cullen &amp Tpr Bates Charlot…
Condolences to the family of the young woman killed today and best regards to all of those injured in Charlottesville Virginia So sad!
Deepest condolences to the families &amp fellow officers of the VA State Police who died today You're all among the best this nation produces
We will continue to follow developments in Charlottesville and will provide whatever assistance is needed We are… 
We must remember this truth: No matter our color creed religion or political party we are ALL AMERICANS FIRST 
What is vital now is a swift restoration of law and order and the protection of innocent lives
Charlottesville 
Join me live from Bedminster New Jersey: 
Am in Bedminster for meetings &amp press conference on VA &amp all that we have done and are doing to make it better-but Charlottesville sad!
We ALL must be united &amp condemn all that hate stands for There is no place for this kind of violence in America Lets come together as one!
Press Conference - Following National Security Briefing in Bedminster New Jersey 🎥 
As promised on the campaign trail we will provide opportunity for Americans to gain skills needed to succeed &amp thr… 
"Consumer Comfort Reaches 16-Year High on US Economic Optimism" via Bloomberg 
We want to make sure that we have the workforce development programs we need to ensure these jobs are 
RT @PacificCommand: USAF B-1B Lancer bombers on Guam stand ready to fulfill USFK’s FightTonight mission if called upon to do so 
Military solutions are now fully in placelocked and loadedshould North Korea act unwisely  Hopefully Kim Jong Un will find another path!
RT @foxandfriends: Trump fires new warning shot at McConnell leaves door open on whether he should step down 
RT @foxandfriends: Senators learn the hard way about the fallout from turning on Trump 
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: 2 US drone strikes in Somalia target Al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab 
"Trump approval rebounds to 45% surges among Hispanics union homes men" 
@IvankaTrump will lead the US delegation to India this fall supporting women’s entrepreneurship globally
GES2017 @narendramodi
Mitch get back to work and put Repeal &amp Replace Tax Reform &amp Cuts and a great Infrastructure Bill on my desk for signing You can do it!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: North Korea responds to US with Guam attack plan as Secretary Mattis warns Kim Jung Un “he is grossly…
RT @ProgressPolls: Who is a better President of the United States? ObamaDay
Can you believe that Mitch McConnell who has screamed Repeal &amp Replace for 7 years couldn't get it done Must Repeal &amp Replace ObamaCare!
RT @markets: US job openings surge to record  via @ShoChandra 
RT @TheFive: "@POTUS being unpredictable is a big asset North Korea knew exactly what President Obama was going to do"- @jessebwatters
RT @AmbJohnBolton: Our country &amp civilians are vulnerable today because @BarackObama did not believe in national missile defense Let’s nev…
GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 
Senator Mitch McConnell said I had "excessive expectations" but I don't think so After 7 years of hearing Repeal &amp Replace why not done?
Hopefully we will never have to use this power but there will never be a time that we are not the most powerful nation in the world!
My first order as President was to renovate and modernize our nuclear arsenal It is now far stronger and more powerful than ever before
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump vows America will respond to North Korean threats with "fire &amp fury" in a warning to the rogue nation ht…
RT @foxandfriends: France vehicle attack leaves at least six soldiers injured


RT @foxandfriends: Trump vows US 'power' will meet North Korean threat 
RT @foxandfriends: Millions of gallons of Mexican waste threaten Border Patrol agents 
RT @foxandfriends: US Air Force jets take off from Guam for training ensuring they can 'fight tonight' 
RT @TheFive: "Media bias is not just about what they report it's also about what they don't report"-@jessebwatters thefive
Senator Luther Strange has done a great job representing the people of the Great State of Alabama He has my complete and total endorsement!
RT @FoxNews: Jobs added during @POTUS' time in office 
After 200 days rarely has any Administration achieved what we have achievednot even close! Don't believe the Fake News Suppression Polls!
E-mails show that the AmazonWashingtonPost and the FailingNewYorkTimes were reluctant to cover the Clinton/Lynch secret meeting in plane
After many years of failurecountries are coming together to  finally address the dangers posed by North Korea We must be tough &amp decisive!
I will be holding a major briefing on the Opioid crisis a major problem for our country today at 3:00 PM in Bedminster NJ
RT @foxandfriends: OPIOID CRISIS: Worse than we thought with a new study showing overdose deaths were under reported 
RT @foxandfriends: Anthem announces it will withdraw from ObamaCare Exchange in Nevada 
RT @foxandfriends: US spy satellites detect North Korea moving anti-ship cruise missiles to patrol boat 
I think Senator Blumenthal should take a nice long vacation in Vietnam where he lied about his service so he can at least say he was there
How much longer will the failing nytimes with its big losses and massive unfunded liability (and non-existent sources) remain in business?
The Fake News Media will not talk about the importance of the United Nations Security Council's 15-0 vote in favor of sanctions on N Korea!
On PurpleHeartDay💜I thank all the brave men and women who have sacrificed in battle for this GREAT NATION! USA🇺🇸 
conquests how brave he was and it was all a lie He cried like a baby and begged for forgiveness like a child Now he judges collusion?
Never in UShistory has anyone lied or defrauded voters like Senator Richard Blumenthal He told stories about his Vietnam battles and
Interesting to watch Senator Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut talking about hoax Russian collusion when he was a  phony Vietnam con artist!
Working hard from New Jersey while White House goes through long planned renovation Going to New York next week for more meetings
Hard to believe that with 24/7 Fake News on CNN ABC NBC CBS NYTIMES &amp WAPO the Trump base is getting stronger!
 Supreme Court pick economic enthusiasm deregulation &amp so much more have driven the Trump base even closer together Will never change!
and West Virginia The fact is the Fake News Russian collusion story record Stock Market border security military strength jobs
The Trump base is far bigger &amp  stronger than ever before (despite some phony Fake News polling) Look at rallies in Penn Iowa Ohio
The failing @nytimes which has made every wrong prediction about me including my big election win (apologized) is totally inept!
Just completed call with President Moon of South Korea Very happy and impressed with 15-0 United Nations vote on North Korea sanctions
The Fake News refuses to report the success of the first 6 months: SC surging economy &amp jobsborder &amp military securityISIS &amp MS-13 etc
RT @IvankaTrump: The Administration is committed to supporting military spouses in the workforce Thanks Kim for sharing your story! 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
United Nations Resolution is the single largest economic sanctions package ever on North Korea Over one billion dollars in cost to NK
Thank you Nicole! 
After many years of LEAKS going on in Washington it is great to see the AG taking action! For National Security the tougher the better!
The United Nations Security Council just voted 15-0 to sanction North Korea China and Russia voted with us Very big financial impact!
Working in Bedminster NJ as long planned construction is being done at the White House This is not a vacation - meetings and calls!
RT @RightlyNews: "What's a high priced Clinton attorney doing representing a low level IT staffer for the Democrats?" 
-@jessebwatters on t…
"Under Trump gains against ISIS have dramatically accelerated"

Prosperity is coming back to our shores because we are putting America WORKERS and FAMILIES first AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
RT @FoxNews: More than 1 million jobs added since @POTUS took office  
RT @IvankaTrump: Since @realDonaldTrump inauguration over 1 million net new jobs have been created in the American economy! MAGA
RT @dcexaminer: Emails show Washington Post New York Times reporters unenthusiastic about covering Clinton-Lynch meeting 
Great work being done by @FEMA @DHSgov w/state &amp local leaders to prepare for hurricane season Preparedness is an… 
No matter the mission the brave men &amp women of our @USCG proudly answer the call to serve 24/7/365 THANK YOU and… 
RT @paultdove: @FoxBusiness Republican Senators who are opposing the President look at the great economic news: Americans Are Noticing!
RT @Bet22325450ste: @FoxBusiness @foxandfriends Come on America Get on the Trump Train The winners already have boarded! The losers are w…
RT @FoxBusiness: BreakingNews: US employers added 209000 jobs in July unemployment rate down to 43% JobsReport 
RT @foxandfriends: @JudgeJeanine: There will be an uproar in this country if they end up with an indictment against a Trump family member…
RT @RealJamesWoods: I've never witnessed such hatred for a man who is willing to work for free to make his beloved country a better place…
Excellent Jobs Numbers just released - and I have only just begun Many job stifling regulations continue to fall Movement back to USA!
West Virginia was incredible last night Crowds and enthusiasm were beyond GDP at 3% wow!Dem Governor became a Republican last night
RT @TeamTrump45: @realDonaldTrump We won Move on 
Consumer confidence is at a 16 year highand for good reason Much more regulation "busting" to come Working hard on tax cuts &amp reform!
and don't forget that Foxconn will be spending up to 10 billion dollars on a top of the line plant/plants in Wisconsin
Toyota &amp Mazda to build a new $16B plant here in the USA and create 4K new American jobs A great investment in American manufacturing!
Thank you West Virginia! All across the country Americans of every kind are coming together w/one simple goal: to… 
Just arrived in West Virginia for a MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN rally in Huntington at 7:00pmE Massive crowd expected - tune in! MAGA🇺🇸
Our GREAT VETERANS can now connect w/ their VA healthcare team from anywhere using VAVideoConnect - available at:… 
Today I  announced another historic breakthrough for the VA We are working tirelessly to keep our promises to our… 
See you tonight Huntington West Virginia!
MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
Tickets:  
Our relationship with Russia is at an all-time &amp very dangerous  low You can thank Congress the same people that can't even give us HCare!
I am continuing to get rid of costly and unnecessary regulations Much work left to do but effect will be great! Business &amp jobs will grow
Business is looking better than ever with business enthusiasm at record levels Stock Market at an all-time high That doesn't just happen!
RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump The MAGA great again movement is WINNING and the left-wing media can't stand it!
RT @foxandfriends: Insurers seeking huge premium hikes on ObamaCare plans 
I love the White House one of the most beautiful buildings (homes) I have ever seen But Fake News said I called it a dump - TOTALLY UNTRUE
I campaigned on creating a merit-based immigration system that protects US workers &amp taxpayers Watch:… 
"Why the Rust Belt just gave Donald Trump a hero's welcome"

It was my great honor to pay tribute to a VET who went above &amp beyond the call of duty to PROTECT our COMRADES our… 
Small business owners are the DREAMERS &amp INNOVATORS who are powering us into the future!
Read more and watch here:… 
Only the Fake News Media and Trump enemies want me to stop using Social Media (110 million people) Only way for me to get the truth out!
"Corporations have NEVER made as much money as they are making now" Thank you Stuart Varney @foxandfriends Jobs are starting to roarwatch!
Stock Market could hit all-time high (again) 22000 today Was 18000 only 6 months ago on Election Day Mainstream media seldom mentions!
A great day at the White House!
RT @foxandfriends: @SuffolkSheriff praises President Trump for making gang eradication a priority 
Highest Stock Market EVER best economic numbers in years unemployment lowest in 17 years wages raising border secure SC: No WH chaos!
If ObamaCare is hurting people &amp it is why shouldn't it hurt the insurance companies &amp why should Congress not be paying what public pays?
Don't give up Republican Senators the World is watching: Repeal &amp Replaceand go to 51 votes (nuke option) get Cross State Lines &amp more
they do NOTHING for us with North Korea just talk We will no longer allow this to continue China could easily solve this problem!
I am very disappointed in China Our foolish past leaders have allowed them to make hundreds of billions of dollars a year in trade yet
I love reading about all of the "geniuses" who were so instrumental in my election success Problem is most don't exist Fake News! MAGA
Unless the Republican Senators are total quitters Repeal &amp Replace is not dead! Demand another vote before voting on any other bill!
US Stock Market up almost 20% since Election!
If a new HealthCare Bill is not approved quickly BAILOUTS for Insurance Companies and BAILOUTS for Members of Congress will end very soon!
After seven years of "talking" Repeal &amp Replace the people of our great country are still being forced to live with imploding ObamaCare!
If the Senate Democrats ever got the chance they would switch to a 51 majority vote in first minute They are laughing at R's MAKE CHANGE!
8 Dems totally control the US Senate Many great Republican bills will never pass like Kate's Law and complete Healthcare Get smart!
Republicans in the Senate will NEVER win if they don't go to a 51 vote majority NOW They look like fools and are just wasting time
The very outdated filibuster rule must go Budget reconciliation is killing R's in Senate Mitch M go to 51 Votes NOW and WIN IT'S TIME!
Republican Senate must get rid of 60 vote NOW! It is killing the R Party allows 8 Dems to control country 200 Bills sit in Senate A JOKE!
In other words Russia was against Trump in the 2016 Election - and why not I want strong military &amp low oil price… 
We will defend our country protect our communities and put the safety of the AMERICAN PEOPLE FIRST! Replay:… 
I would like to thank Reince Priebus for his service and dedication to his country We accomplished a lot together and I am proud of him!
and a Great Leader John has also done a spectacular job at Homeland Security He has been a true star of my Administration
I am pleased to inform you that I have just named General/Secretary John F Kelly as White House Chief of Staff He is a Great American
Departing for Long Island now An area under siege from MS13 gang members We will not rest until MS13 is eradica… 
We will always ENFORCE our laws PROTECT our borders and SUPPORT our police! LESM
Harrisburg Pennsylvania… 
Even though parts of healthcare could pass at 51 some really good things need 60 So many great future bills &amp budgets need 60 votes
If Republicans are going to pass great future legislation in the Senate they must immediately go to a 51 vote majority not senseless 60
3 Republicans and 48 Democrats let the American people down As I said from the beginning let ObamaCare implode then deal Watch!
Go Republican Senators Go! Get there after waiting for 7 years Give America great healthcare!
It was my great HONOR to present our nation's highest award for a public safety officer - THE MEDAL OF VALOR to FIV… 
Today we gathered in the East Room to pay tribute to the HEROES whose courageous actions under fire saved so many… 
Join me live as we recognize the first responders to the June 14th shooting involving @SteveScalise TeamScalise… 
Big progress being made in ridding our country of MS-13 gang members and gang members in general MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!
about then candidate Trump" Catherine Herridge @FoxNews So why doesn't Fake News report this? Witch Hunt! Purposely phony reporting
"One of the things that has been lost in the politics of this situation is that the Russians collected and spread negative information
RT @townhallcom: ABC NBC And CBS Pretty Much Bury IT Scandal Engulfing Debbie Wasserman Schultz's Office 
Come on Republican Senators you can do it on Healthcare After 7 years this is your chance to shine! Don't let the American people down!
Wow the Failing @nytimes said about @foxandfriends "the most powerful TV show in America"
Thank you Foxconn for investing $10 BILLION DOLLARS with the potential for up to 13K new jobs in Wisconsin! MadeIn… 
Congratulations to Boys and Girls Nation It was my great honor to welcome you to the WH today! Full Remarks:… 
IN AMERICA WE DON'T WORSHIP GOVERNMENT - WE WORSHIP GOD!🎥
big dollars ($700000) for his wife's political run from Hillary Clinton and her representatives Drain the Swamp!
Why didn't AG Sessions replace Acting FBI Director Andrew McCabe a Comey friend who was in charge of Clinton investigation but got
victory and cannot be burdened with the tremendous medical costs and disruption that transgender in the military would entail Thank you
Transgender individuals to  serve in any capacity in the US Military Our military must be focused on decisive and overwhelming
After consultation with my Generals and military experts please be advised that the United States Government will not accept or allow
Senator @lisamurkowski of the Great State of Alaska really let the Republicans and our country down yesterday Too bad!
The crowd in Ohio was amazing last night - broke all records We all had a great time in a great State Will be back soon!
People of Ohio are fantastic Thank you so much What an evening! 
It was my great honor to join our wonderful Veterans at AMVETS Post 44 in Youngstown Ohio this evening A grateful… 
Just arrived in Youngstown Ohio with @FLOTUS Melania!
MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸
🎥 
@SenJohnMcCain-Thank you for coming to DC for such a vital vote Congrats to all Rep We can now deliver grt healthcare to all Americans!
Joint Press Conference with Prime Minister Saad Hariri of Lebanon beginning shortly Join us live!
➡️… 
"America's Labor Market Continues to Boom" JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
The American people have waited long enough There has been enough talk and no action for seven years Now is the t… 
Will be traveling to the Great State of Ohio tonight Big crowd expected See you there!
This will be a very interesting day for HealthCareThe Dems are obstructionists but the Republicans can have a great victory for the people!
Working on major Trade Deal with the United Kingdom Could be very big &amp exciting JOBS! The EU is very protectionist with the US STOP!
Jared Kushner did very well yesterday in proving he did not collude with the Russians Witch Hunt Next up 11 year old Barron Trump!
So great that John McCain is coming back to vote Brave - American hero! Thank you John
ObamaCare is torturing the American PeopleThe Democrats have fooled the people long enough Repeal or Repeal &amp Replace! I have pen in hand
Big day for HealthCare After 7 years of talking we will soon see whether or not Republicans are willing to step up to the plate!
Problem is that the acting head of the FBI &amp the person in charge of the Hillary investigation Andrew McCabe got $700000 from H for wife!
Attorney General Jeff Sessions has taken a VERY weak position on Hillary Clinton crimes (where are E-mails &amp DNC server) &amp Intel leakers!
Ukrainian efforts to sabotage Trump campaign - "quietly working to boost Clinton" So where is the investigation AG @seanhannity
Is Fake News Washington Post being used as a lobbyist weapon against Congress to keep Politicians from looking into Amazon no-tax monopoly?
So many stories about me in the @washingtonpost are Fake News They are as bad as ratings challenged @CNN Lobbyist for Amazon and taxes?
The Amazon Washington Post fabricated the facts on my ending massive dangerous and wasteful payments to Syrian rebels fighting Assad
2017Jambo- Remember your duty Honor your history Take care of the people God puts into your life – and LOVE &amp CH… 
Any senator who votes against starting debate is telling America that you are fine w/ the OCareNightmare! 
Remarks… 
Arriving at Joint Base Andrews with @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @SecPriceMD 
Republicans have a last chance to do the right thing on Repeal &amp Replace after years of talking &amp campaigning on it
Sleazy Adam Schiff the totally biased Congressman looking into "Russia" spends all of his time on television pushing the Dem loss excuse!
So why aren't the Committees and investigators and of course our beleaguered AG looking into Crooked Hillarys crimes &amp Russia relations?
After 1 year of investigation with Zero evidence being found Chuck Schumer just stated that "Democrats should blame ourselvesnot Russia"
Drain the Swamp should be changed to Drain the Sewer - it's actually much worse than anyone ever thought and it begins with the Fake News!
Thank you to @LOUDOBBS for giving the first six months of the Trump Administration an A+ SCreg cuttingStock M jobsborder etc = TRUE!
If Republicans don't Repeal and Replace the disastrous ObamaCare the repercussions will be far greater than any of them understand!
It's hard to read the Failing New York Times or the Amazon Washington Post because every story/opinion even if should be positive is bad!
It's very sad that Republicans even some that were carried over the line on my back do very little to protect their President
As the phony Russian Witch Hunt continues two groups are laughing at this excuse for a lost election taking hold Democrats and Russians!
To every PATRIOT who will serve on the USSGeraldRFord:
☑️Keep the watch🇺🇸
☑️Protect her🇺🇸
☑️Defend her🇺🇸
☑️LOVE HE… 
American steel &amp American hands have constructed a 100000 ton message to the world: American MIGHT IS SECOND TO NO… 
A ship is only as good as the people who serve on it — and the AMERICAN SAILOR is the BEST in the world @USNavy… 
Join me live for the commissioning ceremony of the USS Gerald R Ford!
➡️ USA 
ObamaCare is dead and the Democrats are obstructionists no ideas or votes only obstruction It is solely up to the 52 Republican Senators!
The Republican Senators must step up to the plate and after 7 years vote to Repeal and Replace Next Tax Reform and Infrastructure WIN!
In all fairness to Anthony Scaramucci he wanted to endorse me 1st before the Republican Primaries started but didn't think I was running!
My son Donald openly gave his e-mails to the media &amp authorities whereas Crooked Hillary Clinton deleted (&amp acid washed) her 33000 e-mails!
What about all of the Clinton ties to Russia including Podesta Company Uranium deal Russian Reset big dollar speeches etc
So many people are asking why isn't the AG or Special Council looking at the many Hillary Clinton or Comey crimes 33000 e-mails deleted?
While all agree the U S President has the complete power to pardon why think of that when only crime so far is LEAKS against usFAKE NEWS
This morning I will be going to the Commissioning Ceremony for the largest aircraft carrier in the world The Gerald R Ford  Norfolk Va
The Failing New York Times foiled US attempt to kill the single most wanted terroristAl-BaghdadiTheir sick agenda over National Security
A new INTELLIGENCE LEAK from the Amazon Washington Postthis time against AG Jeff SessionsThese illegal leaks like Comey's must stop!
Sean Spicer is a wonderful person who took tremendous abuse from the Fake News Media - but his future is bright!
Today it was my privilege to welcome survivors of the USSArizona to the @WhiteHouse HonorThem🇺🇸
Remarks:… 
Manufacturers’ record-high optimism reported in the 1st qtr has carried into the 2nd qtr of 2017 via @ShopFloorNAM:… 
ICYMI- This week we hosted a MadeInAmerica event right here at the @WhiteHouse! If it is MADE IN AMERICA it is t… 
"Six months in - it is the hope of GROWTH📈that is making America🇺🇸FOUR TRILLION DOLLARS💰RICHER" -Stuart @VarneyCo… 
MadeInAmerica🇺🇸
📸 
Billions of dollars in investments &amp thousands of new jobs in America! An initiative via Corning Merck &amp Pfizer:… 
I am asking all citizens to believe in yourselves believe in your future and believe once more in America… 
Departing The Pentagon after meetings with @VP Pence Secretary James Mattis and our great teams MAGA🇺🇸 
Melania and I send our thoughts and prayers to Senator McCain Cindy and their entire family Get well soon 

The Republicans never discuss how good their healthcare bill is &amp it will get even better at lunchtimeThe Dems scream death as OCare dies!
I will be having lunch at the White House today with Republican Senators concerning healthcare They MUST keep their promise to America!
RT @FoxNews: US Markets since election 
The Fake News is becoming more and more dishonest! Even a dinner arranged for top 20 leaders in Germany is made to look sinister!
Fake News story of secret dinner with Putin is "sick" All G 20 leaders and spouses were invited by the Chancellor of Germany Press knew!
The Senate must go to a 51 vote majority instead of current 60 votes Even parts of full Repeal need 60 8 Dems control Senate Crazy!
With only a very small majority the Republicans in the House &amp Senate need more victories next year since Dems totally obstruct no votes!
As I have always said let ObamaCare fail and then come together and do a great healthcare plan Stay tuned!
We were let down by all of the Democrats and a few Republicans Most Republicans were loyal terrific &amp worked really hard We will return!
Republicans should just REPEAL failing ObamaCare now &amp work on a new Healthcare Plan that will start from a clean slate Dems will join in!
Most politicians would have gone to a meeting like the one Don jr attended in order to get info on an opponent That's politics!
Heading back to Washington DC Much will be accomplished this week on trade the military and security!
Congratulations to Sung Hyun Park on winning the 2017 @USGA USWomensOpen🇺🇸
I am at the @USGA  USWomensOpen An amateur player is co-leading for the first time in many decades - very exciting!
The USSJohnFinn will provide essential capabilities to keep America safe Our sailors are the best anywhere in the… 
The ABC/Washington Post Poll even though almost 40% is not bad at this time was just about the most inaccurate poll around election time!
With all of its phony unnamed sources &amp highly slanted &amp even fraudulent reporting Fake News is DISTORTING DEMOCRACY in our country!
Thank you to former campaign adviser Michael Caputo for saying so powerfully that there was no Russian collusion in our winning campaign
Thank you to all of the supporters who far out-numbered the protesters yesterday at the Women's US Open Very cool!
HillaryClinton can illegally get the questions to the Debate &amp delete 33000 emails but my son Don is being scorned by the Fake News Media?
The women played great today at the @USGA USWomensOpen🇺🇸 I look forward to being there tomorrow for the final roun… 
Just got to the USWomensOpen in Bedminster New Jersey People are really happy with record high stock market - up over 17% since election!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Next week the Senate is going to vote on legislation to save Americans from the ObamaCare DISASTER WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
Will be at the Women's US Open today!
Stock Market hit another all-time high yesterday - despite the Russian hoax story! Also jobs numbers are starting to look very good!
Stock Market at new all-time high! Working on new trade deals that will be great for US and its workers!
I will be at the @USGA USWomensOpen in Bedminster NJ tomorrow Big crowds expected &amp the women are playing great-should be very exciting!
Honored to serve as Commander-in-Chief to the courageous men and women of our US Armed Forces A grateful nation… 
President @EmmanuelMacron
Thank you for inviting Melania and myself to such a historic celebration in France… 
Just landed from Paris France It was an incredible visit with President @EmmanuelMacron A lot discussed and accomplished in two days!
Left Paris for USA Will be heading to New Jersey and attending the
USWomensOpen their most important tournament this afternoon
Great conversations with President @EmmanuelMacron and his representatives on trade military and security
The United States mourns for the victims of Nice France We pledge our solidarity with France against terror 🇺🇸🇫🇷 
It was a great honor to represent the United States at the magnificent BastilleDay parade Congratulations Preside… 
@VP Mike Pence is working hard on HealthCare and getting our wonderful Republican Senators to do what is right for the people
After all of these years of suffering thru ObamaCare Republican Senators must come through as they have promised!
So impt Rep Senators under leadership of @SenateMajLdr McConnell get healthcare plan approved After 7yrs of O'Care disaster must happen!
Republicans Senators are working hard to get their failed ObamaCare replacement approved I will be at my desk pen in hand!
Great evening with President @EmmanuelMacron &amp Mrs Macron Went to Eiffel Tower for dinner Relationship with Fran… 
Great bilateral meetings at Élysée Palace w/ President @EmmanuelMacron The friendship between our two nations and… 
President @EmmanuelMacron
Thank you for the beautiful welcome ceremony at Les Invalides today! 
Melania and I were thrilled to join the dedicated men and women of the @USEmbassyFrance members of the US Milita… 
Just landed in Paris France with @FLOTUS Melania 
Big WIN today for building the wall It will secure the border &amp save lives Now the full House &amp Senate must act!… 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! MAGA🇺🇸 
Stock market hits another high with spirit and enthusiasm so positive Jobs outlook looking very good! MAGA🇺🇸 
Getting rdy to leave for France @ the invitation of President Macron to celebrate &amp honor Bastille Day and 100yrs since US entry into WWI
"After 14 years US beef hits Chinese market Trade deal an exciting opportunity for agriculture" 
The WH is functioning perfectly focused on HealthCare Tax Cuts/Reform &amp many other things I have very little time for watching TV
Why aren't the same standards placed on the Democrats Look what Hillary Clinton may have gotten away with Disgraceful!
@WashTimes states "Democrats have willfully used Moscow disinformation to influence the presidential election against Donald Trump"
ISIS is on the run &amp will soon be wiped out of Syria &amp Iraq illegal border crossings are way down (75%) &amp MS 13 gangs are being removed
RT @foxandfriends: Getting the job done! Sen Mitch McConnell delays August recess to work on health care bill 
Remember when you hear the words "sources say" from the Fake Media often times those sources are made up and do not exist
My son Donald did a good job last night He was open transparent and innocent This is the greatest Witch Hunt in political history Sad!
RT @FoxNews: @jessebwatters on @DonaldJTrumpJr meeting with Russian attorney: "I believe Don Jr is the victim here" TheFive 
My son Donald will be interviewed by @seanhannity tonight at 10:00 PM He is a great person who loves our country!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: US flexes its defense muscles destroys incoming test missile off coast of Alaska 
Big wins against ISIS!
Marine Plane crash in Mississippi is heartbreaking Melania and I send our deepest condolences to all!
Working hard to get the Olympics for the United States (LA) Stay tuned!
The Senate Democrats have only confirmed 48 of 197 Presidential Nominees They  can't win so all they do is slow things down &amp obstruct!
RT @foxandfriends: SEN CRUZ: It's crazy to go an August recess without having Obamacare repealed We should work every day until it is don…
RT @foxandfriends: White House calls out Senate Democrats for obstructing nominees 
RT @foxandfriends: Head of the NYPD union slams Mayor de Blasio for skipping vigil for assassinated cop Miosotis Familia 
RT @foxandfriends: @jasoninthehouse: Comey went silent when I asked him about his memos which raised a lot of eyebrows 
RT @seanhannity: HRC mishandles and destroys classified info-NO PROBLEM! Pay/play on Uranium one NO PROBLEM! Lynch BC tarmac: it's a "matte…
If Chelsea Clinton were asked to hold the seat for her motheras her mother gave our country away the Fake News would say CHELSEA FOR PRES!
When I left Conference Room for short meetings with Japan and other countries I asked Ivanka to hold seat Very standard Angela M agrees!
I cannot imagine that Congress would dare to leave Washington without a beautiful new HealthCare bill fully approved and ready to go!
James Comey leaked CLASSIFIED INFORMATION to the media That is so illegal!
RT @foxandfriends: Report accuses material James Comey leaked to a friend contained top secret information 
RT @foxandfriends: @carriesheffield: The mainstream media is neglecting their duty to represent the public They've failed to represent ha…
RT @RealJamesWoods: Only now with a RealPresident do we see the scope of destruction engineered by Obama and the Democrat cabal  @realD…
The fact that President Putin and I discussed a Cyber Security unit  doesn't mean I think it can happen It can't-but a ceasefire can&amp did!
Syrian ceasefire seems to be holding Many lives can be saved Came out of meeting Good!
For years even as a "civilian" I listened as Republicans pushed the Repeal and Replace of ObamaCare Now they finally have their chance!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Sanctions were not discussed at my meeting with President Putin Nothing will be done until the Ukrainian &amp Syrian problems are solved!
have it Fake News said 17 intel agencies when actually 4 (had to apologize) Why did Obama do NOTHING when he had info before election?
and safe Questions were asked about why the CIA &amp FBI had to ask the DNC 13 times for their SERVER and were rejected still don't
Putin &amp I discussed forming an impenetrable Cyber Security unit    so that election hacking &amp many other negative things will be guarded
We negotiated a ceasefire in parts of Syria which will save lives Now it is time to move forward in working constructively with Russia!
I strongly pressed President Putin twice about Russian meddling in our election He vehemently denied it I've already given my opinion
The G 20 Summit was a great success for the US - Explained that the US must fix the many bad trade deals it has made Will get done!
Thank you @SenatorDole very kind! 
Leaving Hamburg for Washington DC and the WH Just left China’s President Xi where we had an excellent meeting on trade &amp North Korea
Law enforcement &amp military did a spectacular job in Hamburg Everybody felt totally safe despite the anarchists @PolizeiHamburg G20Summit
The G20Summit was a wonderful success and carried out beautifully by Chancellor Angela Merkel Thank you!
We will fight the FakeNews with you! 
Great first day with world leaders at the G20Summit here in Hamburg Germany Looking forward to day two! USA 
Thank you! 

“Trump’s Defining Speech” 
WSJ Editorial:  
I will represent our country well and fight for its interests! Fake News Media will never cover me accurately but who cares! We will MAGA!
I look forward to all meetings today with world leaders including my meeting with Vladimir Putin Much to discuss
G20Summit USA🇺🇸
Everyone here is talking about why John Podesta refused to give the DNC server to the FBI and the CIA Disgraceful!
After Poland had a great meeting with Chancellor Merkel and then with PM Shinzō Abe of Japan &amp President Moon of South Korea
My experience yesterday in Poland was a great one Thank you to everyone including the haters for the great reviews of the speech!
A strong Poland is a blessing to the nations of Europe and a strong Europe is a blessing to the West and to the w… 
THE WEST WILL NEVER BE BROKEN Our values will PREVAIL Our people will THRIVE and our civilization will TRIUMPH! 
America is proud to stand shoulder-to-shoulder with Poland in the fight to eradicate the evils of terrorism and ext… 
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you Poland!🇺🇸🇵🇱
ICYMI watch here➡️  
Congratulations to the dedicated professionals of the USSS as they celebrate their 152nd anniversary Thank you! ➡️… 
Trade between China and North Korea grew almost 40% in the first quarter So much for China working with us - but we had to give it a try!
The United States made some of the worst Trade Deals in world historyWhy should we continue these deals with countries that do not help us?
Getting ready to leave for Poland after which I will travel to Germany for the G-20 Will be back on Saturday
HappyIndependenceDay USA🇺🇸 
Gas prices are the lowest in the US in over ten years! I would like to see them go even lower
Getting ready to celebrate the 4th of July with a big crowd at the White House Happy 4th to everyone Our country will grow and prosper!
HappyIndependenceDay 
July4 USA🇺🇸 
and Japan will put up with this much longer Perhaps China will put a heavy move on North Korea and end this nonsense once and for all!
North Korea has just launched another missile Does this guy have anything better to do with his life? Hard to believe that South Korea
RT @JacobAWohl: @realDonaldTrump When Obama was President the MSM LOVED talking about stock market rallies! Now they barely mention new a…
Dow hit a new intraday all-time high! I wonder whether or not the Fake News Media will so report?
Really great numbers on jobs &amp the economy! Things are starting to kick in now and we have just begun! Don't like steel &amp aluminum dumping!
Thank you to Shawn Steel for the nice words on @FoxNews
RT @Reince: With a strong candidate in @POTUS &amp @GOP revolutionary data program Republicans carried WI for 1st time in 30 years

If we can help little CharlieGard as per our friends in the UK and the Pope we would be delighted to do so
At some point the Fake News will be forced to discuss our great jobs numbers strong economy success with ISIS the border &amp so much else!
Will be speaking with Italy this morning!
Spoke yesterday with the King of Saudi Arabia about peace in the Middle-East Interesting things are happening!
Will be speaking with Germany and France this morning
America's men &amp women in uniform is the story of FREEDOM overcoming OPPRESSION the STRONG protecting the WEAK &amp G… 
Stock Market at all time high unemployment at lowest level in years (wages will start going up) and our base has never been stronger!
The dishonest media will NEVER keep us from accomplishing our objectives on behalf of our GREAT AMERICAN PEOPLE!… 
FraudNewsCNN FNN 
We will always take care of our GREAT VETERANS You have shed your blood poured your love and bared your soul in… 
My use of social media is not Presidential - it’s MODERN DAY PRESIDENTIAL Make America Great Again!
I am thinking about changing the name FakeNews CNN to FraudNewsCNN!
the 2016 election with interviews speeches and social media I had to beat FakeNews and did We will continue to WIN!
The FAKE &amp FRAUDULENT NEWS MEDIA is working hard to convince Republicans and others I should not use social media - but remember I won
Getting rdy to leave for tonight's Celebrate Freedom Concert honoring our GREAT VETERANS w/ so many of my evangelic… 
Weekly Address🇺🇸 KatesLaw
NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct
Statement:  
Crazy Joe Scarborough and dumb as a rock Mika are not bad people but their low rated show is dominated by their NBC bosses Too bad!
I am extremely pleased to see that @CNN has finally been exposed as FakeNews and garbage journalism It's about time!
Numerous states are refusing to give information to the very distinguished VOTER FRAUD PANEL What are they trying to hide?
Word is that @Greta Van Susteren was let go by her out of control bosses at @NBC &amp @Comcast because she refused to go along w/ 'Trump hate!'
Happy Canada Day to all of the great people of Canada and to your Prime Minister and my new found friend @JustinTrudeau Canada150
America will THINK BIG once again We will inspire millions of children to carry on the proud tradition of American… 
The era of strategic patience with the North Korea regime has failed That patience is over We are working closely… 
I am encouraged by President Moon's assurances that he will work to level the playing field for American workers b… 
Watched low rated @MorningJoe for first time in long time FAKE NEWS He called me to stop a National Enquirer article I said no! Bad show
Crime and killings in Chicago have reached such epidemic proportions that I am sending in Federal help 1714 shootings in Chicago this year!
If Republican Senators are unable to pass what they are working on now they should immediately REPEAL and then REPLACE at a later date!
Just finished a very good meeting with the President of South Korea Many subjects discussed including North Korea and new trade deal!
Our new American Energy Policy will unlock MILLIONS of jobs &amp TRILLIONS in wealth We are on the cusp of a true ene… 
When it comes to the future of America’s energy needs we will FIND IT we will DREAM IT and we will BUILD IT… 
Statement on House Passage of Kate’s Law and No Sanctuary for Criminals Act 
Good news out of the House with the passing of 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act' Hopefully Senate will follow
Good news House just passed KatesLaw Hopefully Senate will follow
"Mattis Says Trump’s Warning Stopped Chemical Weapons Attack In Syria" 
Join me LIVE with @VP @SecretaryPerry @SecretaryZinke and @EPAScottPruitt 
UnleashingAmericanEnergy

MAKE AMERICA SAFE AGAIN!

NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct 
KatesLaw SaveAmericanLives 


Today the House votes on two crucial bills:
☑️NoSanctuaryForCriminalsAct 
☑️KatesLaw 
☑️Pass these bills &amp lets… 
to Mar-a-Lago 3 nights in a row around New Year's Eve and insisted on joining me She was bleeding badly from a face-lift I said no!
I heard poorly rated @MorningJoe speaks badly of me (don't watch anymore) Then how come low IQ Crazy Mika along with Psycho Joe came
New Sugar deal negotiated with Mexico is a very good one for both Mexico and the US Had no deal for many years which hurt US badly
Tomorrow the House votes on KatesLaw &amp No Sanctuary For Criminals Act Lawmakers must vote to put American safety… 
From my first day in office we’ve taken swift action to lift the crushing restrictions on American energy Remarks… 
Democrats purposely misstated Medicaid under new Senate bill - actually goes up 
Today I hosted an immigration roundtable ahead of two votes taking place in Congress tomorrow Watch and read more… 
It was my great honor to welcome the 2016 World Series Champion Chicago @Cubs ⚾️ to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon… 
ICYMI- on Monday I had the great honor of welcoming India's Prime Minister @narendramodi to the WH Full Remarks:… 
The AmazonWashingtonPost sometimes referred to as the guardian of Amazon not paying internet taxes (which they should) is FAKE NEWS!
RT @foxandfriends: HAPPENING TODAY: House to vote on immigration bills including 'Kate’s Law' and 'No Sanctuary for Criminals Act' 
Some of the Fake News Media likes to say that I am not totally engaged in healthcare Wrong I know the subject well &amp want victory for US
The failing @nytimes writes false story after false story about me They don't even call to verify the facts of a story A Fake News Joke!
I just finished a great meeting with the Republican Senators concerning HealthCare They really want to get it right unlike OCare!
With ZERO Democrats to help and a failed expensive and dangerous ObamaCare as the Dems legacy the Republican Senators are working hard!
So they caught Fake News CNN cold but what about NBC CBS &amp ABC? What about the failing @nytimes &amp @washingtonpost? They are all Fake News!
Fake News CNN is looking at big management changes now that they got caught falsely pushing their phony Russian stories Ratings way down!
RT @ericbolling: Good morning friends!  "The Swamp" out today  President Trump has a copy get yours here  maga…
RT @foxandfriends: President Trump officially nominates former Assistant Attorney General Christopher Wray to head the FBI 
RT @foxandfriends: Another Dem 'queasy' over claim of Loretta Lynch meddling in Clinton case 
RT @foxandfriends: Hannity: Russia allegations 'boomeranging back' on Democrats 
RT @foxandfriends: Mark Levin: The collusion is among the Democrats 
RT @JeffTutorials: @realDonaldTrump  
Wow CNN had to retract big story on "Russia" with 3 employees forced to resign What about all the other phony stories they do? FAKE NEWS!
Great day for America's future Security and Safety courtesy of the US Supreme Court I will keep fighting for the American people &amp WIN!
From @FoxNews "Bombshell: In 2016 Obama dismissed idea that anyone could rig an American election"  Check out his statement - Witch Hunt!
RT @WhiteHouse: FACT: when Obamacare was signed CBO estimated that 23M would be covered in 2017 They were off by 100% Only 103M people…
Very grateful for the 9-O decision from the U S Supreme Court We must keep America SAFE!
RT @WhiteHouse: Today @POTUS will welcome the Prime Minister of India @narendramodi to the White House 
RT @WhiteHouse: Obamacare has led to higher costs and fewer health insurance options for millions of Americans It has failed the American…
Republican Senators are working very hard to get there with no help from the Democrats Not easy! Perhaps just let OCare crash &amp burn!
under a magnifying glass they have zero "tapes" of T people colluding There is no collusion &amp no obstruction I should be given apology!
The real story is that President Obama did NOTHING after being informed in August about Russian meddling With 4 months looking at Russia
and did not want to "rock the boat" He didn't "choke" he colluded or obstructed and it did the Dems and Crooked Hillary no good
The reason that President Obama did NOTHING about Russia after being notified by the CIA of meddling is that he expected Clinton would win
The Democrats have become nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS they have no policies or ideas All they do is delay and complainThey own ObamaCare!
Hillary Clinton colluded with the Democratic Party in order to beat Crazy Bernie Sanders Is she allowed to so collude? Unfair to Bernie!
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I cannot imagine that these very fine Republican Senators would allow the American people to suffer a broken ObamaCare any longer!
Obama Administration official said they "choked" when it came to acting on Russian meddling of election They didn't want to hurt Hillary?
Since the Obama Administration was told way before the 2016 Election that the Russians were meddling why no action? Focus on them not T!
Democrats slam GOP healthcare proposal as Obamacare premiums &amp deductibles increase by over 100% Remember keep your doctor keep your plan?
Just out: The Obama Administration knew far in advance of November 8th about election meddling by Russia Did nothing about it WHY?
WEEKLY ADDRESS🇺🇸 
Today it was a tremendous honor for me to sign the VAaccountability Act into law delivering my campaign promise… 
I've helped pass and signed 38 Legislative Bills mostly with no Democratic support and gotten rid of massive amounts of regulations Nice!
Will be on @foxandfriends Enjoy!
RT @foxandfriends: POTUS the predictor? President Trump foretold housing upswing in 2012 
@FLOTUS &amp I were honored to host our first WH Congressional Picnic A wonderful evening &amp tradition @MarineBand:… 
We're all thinking of you @SteveScalise! TeamScalise 
Together we are going to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
I am very supportive of the Senate HealthcareBill Look forward to making it really special! Remember ObamaCare is dead
Mexico was just ranked the second deadliest country in the world after only Syria Drug trade is largely the cause We will BUILD THE WALL!
As promised our campaign against the MS-13 gang continues 

"@ICEgov Busts 39 MS-13 Members in New York Operation"

whether there are "tapes" or recordings of my conversations with James Comey but I did not make and do not have any such recordings
With all of the recently reported electronic surveillance intercepts unmasking and illegal leaking of information I have no idea
I certainly hope the Democrats do not force Nancy P out That would be very bad for the Republican Party - and please let Cryin' Chuck stay!
Why did the DNC REFUSE to turn over its Server to the FBI and still hasn't? It's all a big Dem scam and excuse for losing the election!
Why did Democratic National Committee turn down the DHS offer to protect against hacks (long prior to election) It's all a big Dem HOAX!
By the way if Russia was working so hard on the 2016 Election it all took place during the Obama Admin Why didn't they stop them?
Former Homeland Security Advisor Jeh Johnson is latest top intelligence official to state there was no grand scheme between Trump &amp Russia
Great night in Iowa - special people Thank you!
Thank you Kirkwood Community College Heading to the US Cellular Center now for an 8pmE MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN… 
Just landed in Iowa See everyone soon! MAGA🇺🇸
Democrats would do much better as a party if they got together with Republicans on HealthcareTax CutsSecurity Obstruction doesn't work!
Well the Special Elections are over and those that want to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN are 5 and O! All the Fake News all the money spent = 0
Ralph Norman ran a fantastic race to win in the Great State of South Carolina's 5th District We are all honored by your success tonight!
Congratulations to Karen Handel on her big win in Georgia 6th Fantastic job we are all very proud of you!
Thank you @FoxNews "Huge win for President Trump and GOP in Georgia Congressional Special Election"
Things are looking great for Karen H!
It was a great honor to welcome President Petro Poroshenko of Ukraine to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence
➡️… 
While I greatly appreciate the efforts of President Xi &amp China to help with North Korea it has not worked out At least I know China tried!
The US once again condemns the brutality of the North Korean regime as we mourn its latest victim Video: 
KAREN HANDEL FOR CONGRESS She will fight for lower taxes great healthcare strong security-a hard worker who will never give up! VOTE TODAY
RT @SheriffClarke: Happy Father's Day to all dads My dad Like father like son @realDonaldTrump supporters to the end He an Airborne Ra…
Democrat Jon Ossoff who wants to raise your taxes to the highest level and is weak on crime and security doesn't even live in district
Big day tomorrow in Georgia and South Carolina ObamaCare is dead Dems want to raise taxes big! They can only obstruct no ideas Vote "R"
RT @joegooding: What's happening in our country isn't just an assault on our @POTUS @realDonaldTrump it's an assault on the American people…
RT @FoxNews: New Poll Shows @POTUS Approval at 50 Percent

Melania and I offer our deepest condolences to the family of Otto Warmbier Full statement:  
It was my great honor to welcome President @JCVarela &amp Mrs Varela from Panama this afternoon🇺🇸🇵🇦
➡️… 
because he doesn't even live there! He wants to raise taxes and kill healthcare On Tuesday VoteKarenHandel
Karen Handel's opponent in GA06 can't even vote in the district he wants to represent
getting great border security and healthcare VoteRalphNorman tomorrow!
Ralph Norman who is running for Congress in SC's 5th District will be a fantastic help to me in cutting taxes and
My heartfelt thoughts and prayers are with the 7 @USNavy sailors of the USSFitzgerald and their families ➡️… 
The Dems want to stop tax cuts good healthcare and Border SecurityTheir ObamaCare is dead with 100% increases in P's Vote now for Karen H
RT @WhiteHouse: Happy Father's Day! 
Camp David is a very special place An honor to have spent the weekend there Military runs it so well and are so proud of what they do!
RT @DonaldJTrumpJr: Not surprising at all! 
Father Of Otto Warmbier: Obama Admin Told Us To Keep Quiet Trump Admin Brought Him Home  
RT @DiamondandSilk: The Media Says:  The President Should Stop Tweeting about Russia 
 Well Why Don't the Media Take Their Own Advice &amp S…
The new Rasmussen Poll one of the most accurate in the 2016 Election just out with a Trump 50% Approval RatingThat's higher than O's 's!
massive regulation cuts 36 new legislative bills signed great new SCJustice and Infrastructure Healthcare and Tax Cuts in works!
The MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN agenda is doing very well despite the distraction of the Witch Hunt Many new jobs high business enthusiasm
Thoughts and prayers with the sailors of USS Fitzgerald and their families Thank you to our Japanese allies for th… 
RT @seanhannity: Hannity Starts in 30 minutes with @newtgingrich and my monologue on the Deep State’s allies in the media
Back from Miami where my Cuban/American friends are very happy with what I signed today Another campaign promise that I did not forget!
"National Security Presidential Memorandum on Strengthening the Policy of the United States Toward Cuba"
Memorandum… 
"Remarks by President Trump on the Policy of the USA Towards Cuba"
Video: 
Transcript:… 
Great news! MAGA 
I am being investigated for firing the FBI Director by the man who told me to fire the FBI Director! Witch Hunt
Despite the phony Witch Hunt going on in America the economic &amp jobs numbers are great Regulations way down jobs and enthusiasm way up!
The Fake News Media hates when I use what has turned out to be my very powerful Social Media - over 100 million people! I can go around them
After 7 months of investigations &amp committee hearings about my "collusion with the Russians"  nobody has been able to show any proof Sad!
CongressionalBaseballGame⚾️ 
Thank you Wisconsin! Tuesday was a great success for WorkforceWeek at @WCTC w/ @IvankaTrump &amp @GovWalker 
Remarks… 
Crooked H destroyed phones w/ hammer 'bleached' emails &amp had husband meet w/AG days before she was cleared- &amp they talk about obstruction?
Why is that Hillary Clintons family and Dems dealings with Russia are not looked at but my non-dealings are?
You are witnessing the single greatest WITCH HUNT in American political history - led by some very bad and conflicted people!  MAGA
They made up a phony collusion with the Russians story found zero proof so now they go for obstruction of justice on the phony story Nice
Just left hospital Rep Steve Scalise one of the truly great people is in very tough shape - but he is a real fighter Pray for Steve!
Happy birthday to US ARMY and our soldiers Thank you for your bravery sacrifices &amp dedication Proud to be your Commander-in-Chief!
Rep Steve Scalise of Louisiana a true friend and patriot was badly injured but will fully recover Our thoughts and prayers are with him
Just got back from Wisconsin Great day great people!
RT @TuckerCarlson: @RichardGrenell : @realDonaldTrump told Tillerson he had the full support of the US Gov't to bring OttoWarmbier home…
The passage of the @DeptVetAffairs Accountability and Whistleblower Protection Act is GREAT news for veterans! I lo… 
Just arrived in Wisconsin to discuss JOBS JOBS JOBS! MAGA🇺🇸 
2 million more people just dropped out of ObamaCare It is in a death spiral Obstructionist Democrats gave up have no answer = resist!
Heading to the Great State of Wisconsin to talk about JOBS JOBS JOBS! Big progress being made as the Real News is reporting
Fake News is at an all time high Where is their apology to me for all of the incorrect stories???
AG Lynch made law enforcement decisions for political purposesgave Hillary Clinton a free pass and protection Totally illegal!
RT @Corrynmb: @realDonaldTrump Liberals have an agenda and it's not in America's best interest Keep fighting the good fight! We stand with…
Well as predicted the 9th Circuit did it again - Ruled against the TRAVEL BAN at such a dangerous time in the history of our country SC
The Fake News Media has never been so wrong or so dirty Purposely incorrect stories and phony sources to meet their agenda of hate Sad!
Congratulations to the 2016 @ClemsonFB Tigers!
Full ceremony: 
NationalChampions🏈 
Finally held our first full @Cabinet meeting today With this great team we can restore American prosperity and br… 
Congratulations! 

'First New Coal Mine of Trump Era Opens in Pennsylvania' 
We will NEVER FORGET the victims who lost their lives one year ago today in the horrific PulseNightClub shooting… 
Ivanka on @foxandfriends now!
Great numbers on the economy All of our work including the passage of many bills &amp regulation killing Executive Orders now kicking in!
RT @foxandfriends: @GeraldoRivera: Chances of impeachment went from 3% to 0% with Comey's testimony 
RT @foxandfriends: "Yesterday's hearings provided zero evidence of collusion between our campaign and the Russians because there wasn't any…
My daughter Ivanka will be on @foxandfriends tomorrow morning Enjoy!
The Democrats have no message  not on economics not on taxes  not on jobs not on failing Obamacare They are only OBSTRUCTIONISTS!
I believe the James Comey leaks will be far more prevalent than anyone ever thought possible Totally illegal? Very 'cowardly!'
way up Regulations way down 600000+ new jobs added Unemployment down to 43% Business and economic enthusiasm way up- record levels!
The FakeNews MSM doesn't report the great economic news since Election Day DOW up 16% NASDAQ up 195% Drilling &amp energy sector
America is going to build again Under budget and ahead of schedule Time to put AmericaFirst! InfrastructureWeek… 
Time to start building in our country with American workers &amp with American iron aluminum &amp steel It is time to… 
It is time to rebuild OUR country to bring back OUR jobs to restore OUR dreams &amp yes to put AmericaFirst! TY O… 
A great honor to host and welcome leaders from around America to the @WhiteHouse Infrastructure Summit… 
An honor to join the @FaithandFreedom Coalition yesterday In America we don't worship government We worship God… 
Congratulations to Jeb Hensarling &amp Republicans on successful House vote to repeal major parts of the 2010 Dodd-Frank financial law GROWTH!
RT @AlanDersh: We should stop talking about obstruction of justice No plausible case We must distinguish crimes from pol sins 
Great reporting by @foxandfriends and so many others Thank you!
Despite so many false statements and lies total and complete vindicationand WOW Comey is a leaker!
Getting ready to leave for Cincinnati in the GREAT STATE of OHIO to meet with ObamaCare victims and talk Healthcare &amp also Infrastructure!
I will be nominating Christopher A Wray a man of impeccable credentials to be the new Director of the FBI Details to follow
Senate passed the VA Accountability Act The House should get this bill to my desk ASAP! We can’t tolerate substandard care for our vets
ICYMI: Announcement of Air Traffic Control Initiative 

Watch➡️
Great meeting with @HouseGOP and @SenateGOP leaders including @SpeakerRyan @SenateMajLdr @GOPLeader @JohnCornyn… 
Today we remember the courage and bravery of our troops that stormed the beaches of Normandy 73 years ago DDay… 
extremism and all reference was pointing to Qatar Perhaps this will be the beginning of the end to the horror of terrorism!
So good to see the Saudi Arabia visit with the King and 50 countries already paying off They said they would take a hard line on funding
Sorry folks but if I would have relied on the Fake News of CNN NBC ABC CBS washpost or nytimes I would have had ZERO chance winning WH
During my recent trip to the Middle East I stated that there can no longer be funding of Radical Ideology Leaders pointed to Qatar - look!
The FAKE MSM is working so hard trying to get me not to use Social Media They hate that I can get the honest and unfiltered message out
Big meeting today with Republican leadership concerning Tax Cuts and Healthcare We are all pushing hard - must get it right!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: ISIS claims responsibility for hostage siege in Melbourne Australia that killed 1 person and injured 3…
RT @foxandfriends: Sen Ted Cruz: Trump's air traffic control plan is a 'win-win' for Democrats and Republicans 
That's right we need a TRAVEL BAN for certain DANGEROUS countries not some politically correct term that won't help us protect our people!
Today I announced an Air Traffic Control Initiative to take American air travel into the future - finally!
➡️… 
@SecShulkin's decision is one of the biggest wins for our VETERANS in decades Our HEROES deserve the best! 
➡️… 
Pathetic excuse by London Mayor Sadiq Khan who had to think fast on his "no reason to be alarmed" statement MSM is working hard to sell it!
@foxandfriends  Dems are taking forever to approve my people including Ambassadors They are nothing but OBSTRUCTIONISTS! Want approvals
In any event we are EXTREME VETTING people coming into the US in order to help keep our country safe The courts are slow and political!
The Justice Dept should ask for an expedited hearing of the watered down Travel Ban before the Supreme Court - &amp seek much tougher version!
The Justice Dept should have stayed with the original Travel Ban not the watered down politically correct version they submitted to SC
People the lawyers and the courts can call it whatever they want but I am calling it what we need and what it is a TRAVEL BAN!
Do you notice we are not having a gun debate right now? That's because they used knives and a truck!
At least 7 dead and 48 wounded in terror attack and Mayor of London says there is "no reason to be alarmed!"
We must stop being politically correct and get down to the business of security for our people If we don't get smart it will only get worse
Whatever the United States can do to help out in London and the U K we will be there - WE ARE WITH YOU GOD BLESS!
We need to be smart vigilant and tough We need the courts to give us back our rights We need the Travel Ban as an extra level of safety!
RT @DRUDGEREPORT: Fears of new terror attack after van 'mows down 20 people' on London Bridge
WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸

RT @EricTrump: MakeAmericaGreatAgain!!! 🇺🇸🇺🇸 
RT @HeyTammyBruce: Coming up at 720a ET on @foxandfriends! See you there! 🇺🇸 maga
RT @LindseyGrahamSC: I support President Trump’s desire to re-enter the Paris Accord after the agreement becomes a better deal for America…
RT @GOPLeader: @POTUS made the right call in leaving a deal that would have put an unnecessary burden on the United States 
RT @JimJordan: President Trump did the right thing by withdrawing us from Paris treaty - it would hurt American companies and American wor…
RT @VP: Our President is choosing to put American jobs American consumers American energy and American industry first 
RT @foxandfriends: Wall Street hits record highs after Trump pulls out of Climate pact 
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
My job as President is to do everything within my power to give America a level playing field AmericaFirst🇺🇸
➡️… 
Join me live at the @WhiteHouse

➡️ 
The big story is the "unmasking and surveillance" of people that took place during the Obama Administration
I will be announcing my decision on Paris Accord Thursday at 3:00 PM  The White House Rose Garden  MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Crooked Hillary Clinton now blames everybody but herself refuses to say she was a terrible candidate Hits Facebook &amp even Dems &amp DNC
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Vietnam Nguyễn Xuân Phúc to the @WhiteHouse this afternoon 
We traveled the world to strengthen long-standing alliances and to form new partnerships See more at:… 
I will be announcing my decision on the Paris Accord over the next few days MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Hopefully Republican Senators good people all can quickly get together and pass a new (repeal &amp replace) HEALTHCARE bill Add saved $'s
Kathy Griffin should be ashamed of herself My children especially my 11 year old son Barron are having a hard time with this Sick!
case against him &amp now wants to clear his name by showing "the false or misleading testimony by James Comey John Brennan" Witch Hunt!
So now it is reported that the Democrats who have excoriated Carter Page about Russia don't want him to testify He blows away their
Who can figure out the true meaning of "covfefe" ???  Enjoy!
RT @foxandfriends: Jared Kushner didn't suggest Russian communications channel in meeting source says 
RT @Scavino45: President Trump pays respects and  delivers MemorialDay remarks at Arlington National Cemetery 
The US Senate should switch to 51 votes immediately and get Healthcare and TAX CUTS approved fast and easy Dems would do it no doubt!
Russian officials must be laughing at the US &amp how a lame excuse for why the Dems lost the election has taken over the Fake News
We have a MASSIVE trade deficit with Germany plus they pay FAR LESS than they should on NATO &amp military Very bad for US This will change
I look forward to paying my respects to our brave men and women on this Memorial Day at Arlington National Cemetery later this morning
Today we remember the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in serving Thank you God bless your families &amp God bless the USA!
North Korea has shown great disrespect for their neighbor China by shooting off yet another ballistic missilebut China is trying hard!
Honoring the men and women who made the ultimate sacrifice in service to America Home of the free because of the brave MemorialDay🇺🇸
The Fake News Media works hard at disparaging &amp demeaning my use of social media because they don't want America to hear the real story!
The massive TAX CUTS/REFORM that I have submitted is moving along in the process very well actually ahead of schedule Big benefits to all!
I suggest that we add more dollars to Healthcare and make it the best anywhere ObamaCare is dead - the Republicans will do much better!
British Prime Minister May was very angry that the info the UK gave to US about Manchester was leaked Gave me full details!
Does anyone notice how the Montana Congressional race was such a big deal to Dems &amp Fake News until the Republican won? V was poorly covered
it is very possible that those sources don't exist but are made up by fake news writers FakeNews is the enemy!
Whenever you see the words 'sources say' in the fake news media and they don't mention names
It is my opinion that many of the leaks coming out of the White House are fabricated lies made up by the FakeNews media
Just returned from Europe Trip was a great success for America Hard work but big results!
Big win in Montana for Republicans!
Bringing hundreds of billions of dollars back to the USA from the Middle East - which will mean JOBS JOBS JOBS!
I look forward to reading the @CommerceGov 232 analysis of steel and aluminum- to be released in June Will take major action if necessary
"we push for the removal of all trade-distorting practicesto foster a truly level playing field"
Just left the G7Summit Had great meetings on everything especially on trade where
I will make my final decision on the Paris Accord next week!
Many NATO countries have agreed to step up payments considerably as they should Money is beginning to pour in- NATO will be much stronger
Big G7 meetings today Lots of very important matters under discussion First on the list of course is terrorism G7Taormina
On behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for a wonderful dinner and evening President Sergio Mattarella… 
Terrorists are engaged in a war against civilization- it is up to all who value life to confront &amp defeat this evil➡️
Getting ready to engage G7 leaders on many issues including economic growth terrorism and security
Just arrived in Italy for the G7 Trip has been very successful We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs
Just arrived in Taormina with @FLOTUS Melania 
G7Summit USA🇺🇸 
Thank you for your support Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN!
POTUSAbroad USA🇺🇸 
Today's ceremony is a day for both remembrance and resolve
NATOMeeting NATO 
RT @FLOTUS: Thank u to Queen Fabiola University Hospital! Enjoyed creating paper flowers with amazing patients &amp getting a tour Brussels…
Thank you for the warm welcome to Brussels Belgium this afternoon! 
Honor of a lifetime to meet His Holiness Pope Francis I leave the Vatican more determined than ever to pursue PEAC… 
All civilized nations must join together to protect human life and the sacred right of our citizens to live in safety and in peace
Israel Saudi Arabia and the Middle East were great Trying hard for PEACE Doing well Heading to Vatican &amp Pope then G7 and NATO
Thank you for such a wonderful and unforgettable visit Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi
We stand in absolute solidarity with the people of the United Kingdom 
Prime Minister @Netanyahu and @PresidentRuvi- on behalf of @FLOTUS Melania and myself thank you for the invitation… 
RT @netanyahu: Ever Stronger
חזקים תמיד
🇮🇱🇺🇸 
RiyadhSummit POTUSAbroad🇺🇸 
Speech transcript at Arab Islamic American Summit ➡️

Replay ➡️

RiyadhSummit POTUSAbroad
RT @FLOTUS: I had a wonderful time with the students at the American International School Riyadh today SaudiaArabia 
Thank you to the BRAVE servicemen &amp women who have served and continue to serve the United States- our true HEROES… 
Great to be in Riyadh Saudi Arabia Looking forward to the afternoon and evening ahead POTUSAbroad 
WeeklyAddress🇺🇸
➡️ 
Getting ready for my big foreign trip Will be strongly protecting American interests - that's what I like to do!
"President Donald J Trump Proclaims 5/14/2017 through 5/20/2017 as PoliceWeek"
Proclamation➡️… 
A great honor to welcome President Juan Manuel Santos of Colombia to the White House today!🇺🇸🇨🇴
Joint Press Conf➡️… 
With all of the illegal acts that took place in the Clinton campaign &amp Obama Administration there was never a special counsel appointed!
This is the single greatest witch hunt of a politician in American history!
It was my great honor to deliver the CGACommencement17 at the @USCGAcademy CONGRATULATIONS to the Class of 2017!… 
It was a great honor to welcome the President of Turkey Recep Tayyip Erdoğan to the @WhiteHouse today! 
'US Industrial Production Surged in April' 
I have been asking Director Comey &amp others from the beginning of my administration to find the LEAKERS in the intelligence community
to terrorism and airline flight safety Humanitarian reasons plus I want Russia to greatly step up their fight against ISIS &amp terrorism
As President I wanted to share with Russia (at an openly scheduled WH meeting) which I have the absolute right to do facts pertaining
PeaceOfficersMemorialDay and
PoliceWeek Proclamation:  
Today I delivered remarks at the 36th Annual National Peace Officers' Memorial Service 
NationalPoliceWeek
Watch… 
Wishing @FLOTUS Melania and all of the great mothers out there a wonderful day ahead with family and friends! 

Happy MothersDay
I was thrilled to be back @LibertyU Congratulations to the Class of 2017! This is your day and you've earned it… 
Will be interviewed by @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews at 9:00 PM (Saturday night) Enjoy!
WeeklyAddress🇺🇸
➡️ 
Today I welcomed the Victory Christian Center School Good luck @ the Team America Rocketry Challenge! TARC Watch… 
Today @FLOTUS hosted a Military Mother's Day Event in the East Room of the WH It was an honor to stop by say hel… 
China just agreed that the US will be allowed to sell beef and other major products into China once again This is REAL news!
When James Clapper himself and virtually everyone else with knowledge of the witch hunt says there is no collusion when does it end?
James Comey better hope that there are no "tapes" of our conversations before he starts leaking to the press!
Maybe the best thing to do would be to cancel all future "press briefings" and hand out written responses for the sake of accuracy???
As a very active President with lots of things happening it is not possible for my surrogates to stand at podium with perfect accuracy!
The Fake Media is working overtime today!
Again the story that there was collusion between the Russians &amp Trump campaign was fabricated by Dems as an excuse for losing the election
Yesterday on the same day- I had meetings with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and the FM of Ukraine Pavlo… 
Russia must be laughing up their sleeves watching as the US tears itself apart over a Democrat EXCUSE for losing the election
We finally agree on something Rosie 
'Presidential Executive Order on the Establishment of Presidential Advisory Commission on Election Integrity'
➡️… 
'Presidential Executive Order on Strengthening the Cybersecurity of Federal Networks and Critical Infrastructure'… 
The Democrats should be ashamed This is a disgrace!
DrainTheSwamp 
Dems have been complaining for months &amp months about Dir Comey Now that he has been fired they PRETEND to be aggrieved Phony hypocrites!
The Roger Stone report on @CNN is false - Fake News Have not spoken to Roger in a long time - had nothing to do with my decision
caught he cried like a baby and begged for forgivenessand now he is judge &amp jury He should be the one who is investigated for his acts
years as a pol in Connecticut Blumenthal would talk of his great bravery and conquests in Vietnam - except he was never there When
Watching Senator Richard Blumenthal speak of Comey is a joke "Richie" devised one of the greatest military frauds in US history For
RT @DRUDGEREPORT: 10 SCANDALS ON DIRECTOR'S WATCH 
Comey lost the confidence of almost everyone in Washington Republican and Democrat alike When things calm down they will be thanking me!
RT @DRUDGEREPORT: MEXICO 2ND DEADLIEST COUNTRY TOPS AFGHAN IRAQ 
James Comey will be replaced by someone who will do a far better job bringing back the spirit and prestige of the FBI
The Democrats have said some of the worst things about James Comey including the fact that he should be fired but now they play so sad!
Cryin' Chuck Schumer stated recently "I do not have confidence in him (James Comey) any longer" Then acts so indignant  draintheswamp
'Manufacturing openings hires rise to highest levels of the recovery'

It was an honor to welcome the Teachers of the Year to the WH last month Today we honor and thank all teachers!… 
Biggest story today between Clapper &amp Yates is on surveillance Why doesn't the media report on this? FakeNews!
The Russia-Trump collusion story is a total hoax when will this taxpayer funded charade end?
Sally Yates made the fake media extremely unhappy today --- she said nothing but old news!
Director Clapper reiterated what everybody including the fake media already knows- there is "no evidence" of collusion w/ Russia and Trump
Honored to welcome Georgia Prime Minister Giorgi Kvirikashvili to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Mike Pence… 
Ask Sally Yates under oath if she knows how classified information got into the newspapers soon after she explained it to WH Counsel
General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that
Congratulations to @PGAJohnDaly on his big win yesterday John is a great guy who never gave up - and now a winner again!
RT @IsraeliPM: PM Benjamin Netanyahu at  weekly Cabinet meeting:
In two weeks Israel will host @POTUS Trump on his first trip as President…
Rexnord of Indiana made a deal during the Obama Administration to move to Mexico Fired their employees Tax product big that's sold in US
Congratulations to Emmanuel Macron on his big win today as the next President of France I look very much forward to working with him!
Republican Senators will not let the American people down! ObamaCare premiums and deductibles are way up - it was a lie and it is dead!
RT @brunelldonald: I thought about jobs that went overseas failing schools open borders not my skin color when I voted @realDonaldTrump! I…
RT @FoxNews: @POTUS: "I'm not against the media I'm against the FAKE media" CashinIn 
When will the Fake Media ask about the Dems dealings with Russia &amp why the DNC wouldn't allow the FBI to check their server or investigate?
The reason I am staying in Bedminster N J a beautiful community is that staying in NYC is much more expensive and disruptive Meetings!
Great jobs report today - It is all beginning to work!
Why is it that the Fake News rarely reports Ocare is on its last legs and that insurance companies are fleeing for their lives? It's dead!
Wowthe Fake News media did everything in its power to make the Republican Healthcare victory look as bad as possibleFar better than Ocare!
WeeklyAddress🇺🇸 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do --everybody does ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great
Rather than causing a big disruption in NYC I will be working out of my home in Bedminster NJ this weekend Also saves country money!
Big win in the House - very exciting! But when everything comes together with the inclusion of Phase 2 we will have truly great healthcare!
An honor to welcome PM of Australia @TurnbullMalcolm to America &amp join him in marking the 75th Anniversary of the… 
It was a GREAT day for the United States of America! This is a great plan that is a repeal &amp replace of ObamaCare… 
If victorious Republicans will be having a big press conference at the beautiful Rose Garden of the White House immediately after vote!
Insurance companies are fleeing ObamaCare - it is dead Our healthcare plan will lower premiums &amp deductibles - and be great healthcare!
I am watching the Democrats trying to defend the "you can keep you doctor you can keep your plan &amp premiums will go down" ObamaCare lie"
Beautiful evening with Religious Leaders here at the WH last night Join us now for a NationalDayofPrayer LIVE:… 
Death spiral!
'Aetna will exit Obamacare markets in VA in 2018 citing expected losses on INDV plans this year'

RT @foxandfriends: President Trump to sign an executive order on religious liberty today the National Day of Prayer | @kevincorke 
Congratulations to @foxandfriends on its unbelievable ratings hike
The Fake News media is officially out of control They will do or say anything in order to get attention - never been a time like this!
allegations of unmasking Trump transition officials Not good!
Susan Rice the former National Security Advisor to President Obama is refusing to testify before a Senate Subcommittee next week on
It was an honor to stop by a SchoolChoice event hosted by @VP Pence and @usedgov Secretary @BetsyDeVosED at the… 
Trump/Russia story was an excuse used by the Democrats as justification for losing the election Perhaps Trump just ran a great campaign?
FBI Director Comey was the best thing that ever happened to Hillary Clinton in that he gave her a free pass for many bad deeds! The phony
Congratulations to the winners of the Commander-in-Chief's Trophy the great Air Force Falcons! 
Watch:… 
either elect more Republican Senators in 2018 or change the rules now to 51% Our country needs a good "shutdown" in September to fix mess!
The reason for the plan negotiated between the Republicans and Democrats is that we need 60 votes in the Senate which are not there! We
President Andrew Jackson who died 16 years before the Civil War started saw it coming and was angry Would never have let it happen!
ICYMI- On Saturday I signed two EO's to help keep jobs &amp wealth in our country
EO1:  
EO2:… 
This month we celebrate the contributions of Asian Americans &amp Pacific Islanders that enrich our Nation 
healthcare plan is on its way Will have much lower premiums &amp deductibles while at the same time taking care of pre-existing conditions!
You can't compare anything to ObamaCare because ObamaCare is dead Dems want billions to go to Insurance Companies to bail out donorsNew
The Democrats without a leader have become the party of obstructionThey are only interested in themselves and not in what's best for US
Big excitement last night in the Great State of Pennsylvania! Fantastic crowd and people MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
I will be interviewed on @FaceTheNation this morning at 10:00 AM Have a great day!
RT @charliekirk11: 100 days ago a new message leader &amp movement took the Oval Office! A government FOR the people BY the people This is…
Mainstream (FAKE) media refuses to state our long list of achievements including 28 legislative signings strong borders &amp great optimism!
Looking forward to RALLY in the Great State of Pennsylvania tonight at 7:30 Big crowd big energy!
@LouDobbs just stated that "President Trump's successes are unmatched in recent presidential history"  Thank you Lou!
North Korea disrespected the wishes of China &amp its highly respected President when it launched though unsuccessfully a missile today Bad!
I will be interviewed by @MarthaMaccallum on @FoxNews tonight at 7pm Enjoy!
We are making tremendous progress with the V A There has never been so much done so quickly and we have just started We love our VETS!
RT @foxandfriends: Former President Obama's $400K Wall Street speech stuns liberal base Sen Warren saying she "was troubled by that" 
Today I signed an Executive Order on Improving Accountability and Whistleblower Protection at the @DeptVetAffairs:… 
Presidential Memorandum for the @CommerceGov @SecretaryRoss re: Aluminum Imports and Threats to National Security:… 
@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to welcome Argentina President @MauricioMacri and First Lady Juliana Awada to t… 
As families prepare for summer vacations in our National Parks - Democrats threaten to close them and shut down the government Terrible!
Democrats used to support border security — now they want illegals to pour through our borders
Democrats jeopardizing the safety of our troops to bail out their donors from insurance companies It is time to put AmericaFirst🇺🇸
What's more important? Rebuilding our military - or bailing out insurance companies? Ask the Democrats
I promise to rebuild our military and secure our border Democrats want to shut down the government Politics!
I want to help our miners while the Democrats are blocking their healthcare
The Democrats want to shut government if we don't bail out Puerto Rico and give billions to their insurance companies for OCare failure NO!
subject to the fact that if we do not reach a fair deal for all we will then terminate NAFTA Relationships are good-deal very possible!
I received calls from the President of Mexico and the Prime Minister of Canada asking to renegotiate NAFTA rather than terminate I agreed
Democrats are trying to bail out insurance companies from disastrous ObamaCare and Puerto Rico with your tax dollars Sad!
A great great honor to welcome &amp recognize the National Teacher of the Year as well as the Teacher of the Year fro… 
Today I signed an Executive Order on Enforcing Statutory Prohibitions on Federal Control of Education EO:… 
Today I signed an Executive Order @ the US Dept of @Interior: 'Review of Designations Under the Antiquities Act… 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our @FLOTUS Melania! 
 
The US recorded its slowest economic growth in five years (2016) GDP up only 16% Trade deficits hurt the economy very badly
the Ninth Circuit which has a terrible record of being overturned (close to 80%) They used to call this "judge shopping!" Messy system
Out of our very big country with many choices does everyone notice that both the "ban" case and now the "sanctuary" case is brought in 
First the Ninth Circuit rules against the ban &amp now it hits again on sanctuary cities-both ridiculous rulings See you in the Supreme Court!
'Presidential Executive Order on Promoting Agriculture and Rural Prosperity in America'
Executive Order:… 
Remarks at the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum's National Days of Remembrance 
Full remarks:… 
Don't let the fake media tell you that I have changed my position on the WALL It will get built and help stop drugs human trafficking etc
Canada has made business for our dairy farmers in Wisconsin and other border states very difficult We will not stand for this Watch!
Proud of @IvankaTrump for her leadership on these important issues Looking forward to hearing her speak at the W20! 
Today I signed the Holocaust Remembrance Proclamation:  ICYMI- My statement last night at… 
If our healthcare plan is approved you will see real healthcare and premiums will start tumbling down ObamaCare is in a death spiral!
Join me in congratulating @NASA's @AstroPeggy by using the hashtag CongratsPeggy! Earlier today:… 
the wall is not built which it will be the drug situation will NEVER be fixed the way it should be!
BuildTheWall
The Wall is a very important tool in stopping drugs from pouring into our country and poisoning our youth (and many others)! If
The two fake news polls released yesterday ABC &amp NBC while containing some very positive info were totally wrong in General E Watch!
popular vote ABC News/Washington Post Poll (wrong big on election) said almost all stand by their vote on me &amp 53% said strong leader
New polls out today are very good considering that much of the media is FAKE and almost always negative Would still beat Hillary in 
Eventually but at a later date so we can get started early Mexico will be paying in some form for the badly needed border wall
The Democrats don't want money from budget going to border wall despite the fact that it will stop drugs and very bad MS 13 gang members
ObamaCare is in serious trouble The Dems need big money to keep it going - otherwise it dies far sooner than anyone would have thought
Thank you Lake Worth Florida @foxandfriends
Very interesting election currently taking place in France
I am committed to keeping our air and water clean but always remember that economic growth enhances environmental protection Jobs matter!
Today on Earth Day we celebrate our beautiful forests lakes and land We stand committed to preserving the natural beauty of our nation
Big TAX REFORM AND TAX REDUCTION will be announced next Wednesday
Next Saturday night I will be holding a BIG rally in Pennsylvania Look forward to it!
Getting ready to visit Walter Reed Medical Center with Melania Looking forward to seeing our bravest and greatest Americans!
RT @foxandfriends: Israeli PM Netanyahu praises US policy changes during meeting with Defense Sec Mattis 
RT @foxandfriends: Chicago approves new plan to hide illegal immigrants from the feds plus give them access to city services 
After 5 SB victories since 2002 it was my honor to give Bob Kraft Coach Belichick and the players their first to… 
'Presidential Executive Order on Identifying and Reducing Tax Regulatory Burdens' 
Executive Order:… 
RT @Scavino45: @POTUS @realDonaldTrump @IvankaTrump Jared Kushner &amp Dina Powell in the Oval Office today w/ Aya &amp her brother Basel
W…
WELCOME HOME AYA!
GodBlessTheUSA🇺🇸 
China is very much the economic lifeline to North Korea so while nothing is easy if they want to solve the North Korean problem they will
No matter how much I accomplish during the ridiculous standard of the first 100 days &amp it has been a lot (including SC) media will kill!
Another terrorist attack in Paris The people of France will not take much more of this Will have a big effect on presidential election!
RT @foxandfriends: NYT editor apologizes for misleading tweet about New England Patriots' visit to the White House (via @FoxFriendsFirst) h…
A great honor to host PM Paolo Gentiloni of Italy at the White House this afternoon! ICYMI- Joint Press Conference… 
We're going to use American steel we're going to use American labor we are going to come first in all deals ➡️… 
Failing @nytimes which has been calling me wrong for two years just got caught in a big lie concerning New England Patriots visit to WH
A great honor to host the @SuperBowl Champion New England @Patriots at the White House today Congratulations!… 
Today I signed the Veterans (OUR HEROES) Choice Program Extension &amp Improvement Act @ the @WhiteHouse S544 
Watch… 
BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸 
Dems failed in Kansas and are now failing in Georgia Great job Karen Handel! It is now Hollywood vs Georgia on June 20th
Despite major outside money FAKE media support and eleven Republican candidates BIG "R" win with runoff in Georgia Glad to be of help!
BuyAmericanHireAmerican🇺🇸
Watch➡️ 
Just learned that Jon @Ossoff who is running for Congress in Georgia doesn't even live in the district Republicans get out and vote!
Republicans must get out today and VOTE in Georgia 6 Force runoff and easy win! Dem Ossoff will raise your taxes-very bad on crime &amp 2nd A
Democrat Jon Ossoff would be a disaster in Congress VERY weak on crime and illegal immigration bad for jobs and wants higher taxes Say NO
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends by @ainsleyearhardt starting at 6:00 AM Enjoy!
The weak illegal immigration policies of the Obama Admin allowed bad MS 13 gangs to form in cities across US We are removing them fast!
With eleven Republican candidates running in Georgia (on Tuesday) for Congress a runoff will be a win Vote "R" for lower taxes &amp safety!
See you tomorrow Wisconsin!

'Trump spurs small-business optimism in Milwaukee area'

TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50%

RT @DRUDGEREPORT: TRUMP APPROVAL HITS 50% 
The super Liberal Democrat in the Georgia Congressioal race tomorrow wants to protect criminals allow illegal immigration and raise taxes!
The Fake Media (not Real Media) has gotten even worse since the election Every story is badly slanted We have to hold them to the truth!
A great book for your reading enjoyment: "REASONS TO VOTE FOR DEMOCRATS" by Michael J Knowles
"The first 90 days of my presidency has exposed the total failure of the last eight years of foreign policy!" So true @foxandfriends
The recent Kansas election (Congress) was a really big media event until the Republicans won Now they play the same game with Georgia-BAD!
Our military is building and is rapidly becoming stronger than ever before Frankly we have no choice!
Someone should look into who paid for the small organized rallies yesterday The election is over!
I did what was an almost an impossible thing to do for a Republican-easily won the Electoral College! Now Tax Returns are brought up again?
Happy Easter to everyone!
Why would I call China a currency manipulator when they are working with us on the North Korean problem? We will see what happens!
RT @FLOTUS: Looking forward to hosting the annual Easter Egg Roll at the @WhiteHouse on Monday! 
Weekly Address-  
RT @DRUDGEREPORT: GREAT AGAIN: FEDS ARREST MURDER SUSPECT IN 'FAST AND FURIOUS' SCANDAL 
It was a great honor to welcome Atlanta's heroic first responders to the White House this afternoon! 
Things will work out fine between the USA and Russia At the right time everyone will come to their senses &amp there will be lasting peace!
I have great confidence that China will properly deal with North Korea If they are unable to do so the US with its allies will! USA
Jobs are returning illegal immigration is plummeting law order and justice are being restored We are truly making America great again!
One by one we are keeping our promises - on the border on energy on jobs on regulations Big changes are happening!
Economic confidence is soaring as we unleash the power of private sector job creation and stand up for the American Workers AmericaFirst
Great meeting w/ NATO Sec Gen We agreed on the importance of getting countries to pay their fair share &amp focus on… 
Great win in Kansas last night for Ron Estes easily winning the Congressional race against the Dems who spent heavily &amp predicted victory!
Had a very good call last night with the President of China concerning the menace of North Korea
I will be interviewed by @MariaBartiromo at 6:00 AM @FoxBusiness Enjoy!
Great Strategic &amp Policy CEO Forum today with my Cabinet Secretaries and top CEO's from around the United States… 
Ron Estes is running TODAY for Congress in the Great State of Kansas A wonderful guy I need his help on Healthcare &amp Tax Cuts (Reform)
North Korea is looking for trouble If China decides to help that would be great If not we will solve the problem without them!  USA
I explained to the President of China that a trade deal with the US will be far better for them if they solve the North Korean problem!
Happy Passover to everyone celebrating in the United States of America Israel and around the world ChagSameach
Congratulations to Justice Neil Gorsuch on his elevation to the United States Supreme Court A great day for Americ… 
Thank you @USNavy! USA 
confidence that President Al Sisi will handle situation properly
So sad to hear of the terrorist attack in Egypt US strongly condemns I have great
Judge Gorsuch will be sworn in at the Rose Garden of the White House on Monday at 11:00 AM He will be a great Justice Very proud of him!
The reason you don't generally hit runways is that they are easy and inexpensive to quickly fix (fill in and top)!
Congratulations to our great military men and women for representing the United States and the world so well in the Syria attack
goodwill and friendship was formed but only time will tell on trade
It was a great honor to have President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan of China as our guests in the United States Tremendous
RT @IvankaTrump: Very proud of Arabella and Joseph for their performance in honor of President Xi Jinping and Madame Peng Liyuan's official…
It was an honor to host our American heroes from the @WWP SoldierRideDC at the @WhiteHouse today with @FLOTUS @VP… 
JOBS JOBS JOBS!
 
I am deeply committed to preserving our strong relationship &amp to strengthening America's long-standing support for… 
Great to talk jobs with NABTU2017 Tremendous spirit &amp optimism - we will deliver! 
Thank you Sean McGarvey &amp the entire Governing Board of Presidents for honoring me w/an invite to speak NABTU2017… 
@WhiteHouse CEOTownHall
➡️ 
RT @DRUDGEREPORT: RICE ORDERED SPY DOCS ON TRUMP? 
It was an honor to welcome President Al Sisi of Egypt to the @WhiteHouse as we renew the historic partnership betwe… 
Looking forward to hosting our heroes from the Wounded Warrior Project (@WWP) Soldier Ride to the @WhiteHouse on Th… 
Getting ready to meet President al-Sisi of Egypt On behalf of the United States I look forward to a long and wonderful relationship
@FoxNews from multiple sources: "There was electronic surveillance of Trump and people close to Trump This is unprecedented" @FBI
Did Hillary Clinton ever apologize for receiving the answers to the debate? Just asking!
Was the brother of John Podesta paid big money to get the sanctions on Russia lifted? Did Hillary know?
Such amazing reporting on unmasking and the crooked scheme against us by @foxandfriends "Spied on before nomination" The real story
Melania and I are honored to light up the @WhiteHouse this evening for 
WorldAutismAwarenessDay Join us &amp LIUB… 
The real story turns out to be SURVEILLANCE and LEAKING! Find the leakers
Talks on Repealing and Replacing ObamaCare are and have been going on and will continue until such time as a deal is hopefully struck
Anybody (especially  Fake News media) who thinks that Repeal &amp Replace of ObamaCare is dead does not know the love and strength in R Party!
Thank you @JCLayfield -- will get even better as my Administration continues to put AmericaFirst🇺🇸 
not associated with Russia Trump team spied on before he was nominated" If this is true does not get much bigger Would be sad for US
Wow @FoxNews just reporting big news Source: "Official behind unmasking is high up Known Intel official is responsible Some unmasked
use subsidies to buy health plans" In other words Ocare is dead Good things will happen however either with Republicans or Dems
The failing @nytimes finally gets it - "In places where no insurance company offers plans there will be no way for ObamaCare customers to
It is the same Fake News Media that said there is "no path to victory for Trump" that is now pushing the phony Russia story A total scam!
When will Sleepy Eyes Chuck Todd and @NBCNews start talking about the Obama SURVEILLANCE SCANDAL and stop with the Fake Trump/Russia story?
We are going to defend our industry &amp create a level playing field for the American worker It is time to put… 
'Trump Celebrates American Manufacturing Survey Showing Highest Level of Optimism in 20 Years' ➡️… 
It is an exciting time for our country!
WeeklyAddress ConfirmGorsuch 
ConfirmGorsuch SCOTUS 
Great meeting with a wonderful woman today former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice! USA🇺🇸 
It was an honor to welcome the Prime Minister of Denmark Lars Løkke Rasmussen {@larsloekke} to the @WhiteHouse yes… 
Mike Flynn should ask for immunity in that this is a witch hunt (excuse for big election loss) by media &amp Dems of historic proportion!
Only by enlisting the full potential of women in our society will we be truly able to MakeAmericaGreatAgain🇺🇸… 
and job losses American companies must be prepared to look at other alternatives
The meeting next week with China will be a very difficult one in that we can no longer have massive trade deficits
Where are @RepMarkMeadows @JimJordan and @RaulLabrador?
RepealANDReplace Obamacare
If @RepMarkMeadows @JimJordan and @RaulLabrador would get on board we would have both great healthcare and massive tax cuts &amp reform
Great op-ed from @RepKenBuck Looks like some in the Freedom Caucus are helping me end Obamacare 
The failing @nytimes has disgraced the media world Gotten me wrong for two solid years Change libel laws? 
The Freedom Caucus will hurt the entire Republican agenda if they don't get on the team &amp fast We must fight them &amp Dems in 2018!
Today we honored our true American heroes on the first-ever National Vietnam War Veterans Day
ThankAVeteran… 
@FLOTUS Melania and I were honored to stop by the Women's Empowerment  Panel this afternoon at the @WhiteHouse… 
Today's EO established a commission on combating drug addiction and the opioid crisis Watch listening session➡️… 
If the people of our great country could only see how viciously and inaccurately my administration is covered by certain media!
Remember when the failing @nytimes apologized to its subscribers right after the election because their coverage was so wrong Now worse!
Why doesn't Fake News talk about Podesta ties to Russia as covered by @FoxNews or money from Russia to Clinton - sale of  Uranium?
A NEW ERA IN AMERICAN ENERGY! 
MadeInTheUSA🇺🇸
Watch here:  
It was an honor to welcome @GLFOP to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence &amp Attorney General Sessions THANK YOU fo… 
The failing @NYTimes would do much better if they were honest! 

Watch @foxandfriends now on Podesta and Russia!
Big announcement by Ford today Major investment to be made in three Michigan plants Car companies coming back to US  JOBS! JOBS! JOBS!
The Democrats will make a deal with me on healthcare as soon as ObamaCare folds - not long Do not worry we are in very  good shape!
The Republican House Freedom Caucus was able to snatch defeat from the jaws of victory After so many bad years they were ready for a win!
money to Bill the Hillary Russian "reset" praise of Russia by Hillary or Podesta Russian Company Trump Russia story is a hoax MAGA!
Why isn't the House Intelligence Committee looking into the Bill &amp Hillary deal that allowed big Uranium to go to Russia Russian speech
General Kelly is doing a great job at the border Numbers are way down Many are not even trying to come in anymore
Democrats are smiling in DC that the Freedom Caucus with the help of Club For Growth and Heritage have saved Planned Parenthood &amp Ocare!
Thanks you for all of the Trump Rallies today Amazing support We will all MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Watch @JudgeJeanine on @FoxNews tonight at 9:00 PM
ObamaCare will explode and we will all get together and piece together a great healthcare plan for THE PEOPLE Do not worry!
Happy MedalOfHonorDay to our heroes! ➡️ 
Today I was thrilled to announce a commitment of $25 BILLION &amp 20K AMERICAN JOBS over the next 4 years THANK YOU… 
Today I was pleased to announce the official approval of the presidential permit for the KeystonePipeline A grea… 
The irony is that the Freedom Caucus which is very pro-life and against Planned Parenthood allows PP to continue if they stop this plan!
After seven horrible years of ObamaCare (skyrocketing premiums &amp deductibles bad healthcare) this is finally your chance for a great plan!
It was an honor to welcome so many truckers and trucking industry leaders to the @WhiteHouse today! 
We are taking action to RepealANDReplace Obamacare! Contact your Rep &amp tell them you support AHCA PassTheBill… 
A great American Kurt Cochran was killed in the London terror attack My prayers and condolences are with his family and friends
Just watched the totally biased and fake news reports of the so-called Russia story on NBC and ABC Such dishonesty!
Spoke to UK Prime Minister Theresa May today to offer condolences on the terrorist attack in London She is strong and doing very well
RT @mitchellvii: Trump always ends up being right  It's almost a little freaky
RT @mitchellvii: EXACTLY AS I SAID - House Intel Chair: We Cannot Rule Out Sr Obama Officials Were Involved in Trump Surveillance 
Big day for healthcare Working hard!
Today on NationalAgDay we honor our great American farmers &amp ranchers Their hard work &amp dedication are ingrained… 
Honored to sign S442 today With this legislation we support @NASA's scientists engineers and astronauts in the… 
Joined the @HouseGOP Conference this morning at the US Capitol  PassTheBill MAGA🇺🇸… 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky Together we will MAKE AMERICA SAFE AND GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Louisville Kentucky- on my way! MAGA🇺🇸 
Congratulations Eric &amp Lara Very proud and happy for the two of you! 
What about all of the contact with the Clinton campaign and the Russians? Also is it true that the DNC would not let the FBI in to look?
Just heard Fake News CNN is doing polls again despite the fact that their election polls were a WAY OFF disaster Much higher ratings at Fox
The real story that Congress the FBI and all others should be looking into is the leaking of Classified information Must find leaker now!
The Democrats made up and pushed the Russian story as an excuse for running a terrible campaign Big advantage in Electoral College &amp lost!
James Clapper and others stated that there is no evidence Potus colluded with Russia This story is FAKE NEWS and everyone knows it!
ICYMI: Weekly Address 
➡️ 
vast sums of money to NATO &amp the United States must be paid more for the powerful and very expensive defense it provides to Germany!
Despite what you have heard from the FAKE NEWS I had a GREAT meeting with German Chancellor Angela Merkel Nevertheless Germany owes
Great meeting with the @RepublicanStudy Committee this morning at the @WhiteHouse! 
"The President Changed So Has Small Businesses' Confidence"

North Korea is behaving very badly They have been "playing" the United States for years China has done little to help!
RT @foxandfriends: FOX NEWS ALERT: Jihadis using religious visa to enter US experts warn (via @FoxFriendsFirst) 
RT @foxandfriends: VIDEO: Rep Scalise — GOP agrees on over 85 percent of health care bill 
RT @AmericaFirstPol: MAJOR IMPACT: @POTUS Trump is 50 Days in and moving swiftly to get America back on the right track MAGA 

RT @FoxNews: Jobs created in February 
Happy Lá Fheile Phadraig to all of my great Irish friends!
RT @DiamondandSilk: When the President says "You're Fired"     That means: "Pack Yo Stuff and Go Not Say "You Refuse to Go!  DrainTheSwam…
My representatives had a great meeting w/ the Hispanic Chamber of Commerce at the WH today Look forward to tremendous growth &amp future mtgs!
Great progress on healthcare Improvements being made - Republicans coming together!
RT @USHCC: USHCC was delighted to host @IvankaTrump for a roundtable discussion w/ Hispanic women biz owners today in Washington USHCCLegi…
An honor to welcome the Taoiseach of Ireland @EndaKennyTD to the @WhiteHouse today with @VP Pence 🇺🇸🇮🇪 
A budget that puts AmericaFirst must make safety its no 1 priority—without safety there can be no prosperity: 
Thank you Nashville Tennessee! 
In Nashville Tennessee! Lets MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
Thank you Andrew Jackson! POTUS7 USA🇺🇸 
I will be interviewed by @TuckerCarlson tonight at 9:00 PM on @FoxNews Enjoy!
CEO's most optimistic since 2009 It will only get better as we continue to slash unnecessary regulations and when we begin our big tax cut!
Looking forward to a big rally in Nashville Tennessee tonight Big crowd of great people expected Will be fun!
Will be going to Detroit Michigan (love) today for a big meeting on bringing back car production to State &amp US Already happening!
Can you imagine what the outcry would be if @SnoopDogg failing career and all had aimed and fired the gun at President Obama? Jail time!
Does anybody really believe that a reporter who nobody ever heard of "went to his mailbox" and found my tax returns? @NBCNews  FAKE NEWS!
Great optimism in America – and the results will be even better! 
JOBS JOBS JOBS! 
Meeting w/ Washington DC @MayorBowser and Metro GM Paul Wiedefeld about incoming winter storm preparations here… 
Proud to welcome our great Cabinet this afternoon for our first meeting Unfortunately 4 seats were empty because S… 
Healthcare listening session w/ @VP &amp @SecPriceMD Watch:  ReadTheBill:… 
ObamaCare is imploding It is a disaster and 2017 will be the worst year yet by far! Republicans will come together and save the day
It is amazing how rude much of the media is to my very hard working representatives Be nice you will do much better!
RT @AmericaFirstPol: @POTUS Trump led a historic journey to the White House 50 days in that historic journey continues Take a look 👉 ht…
We are making great progress with healthcare ObamaCare is imploding and will only get worse Republicans coming together to get job done!
Weekly Address - 11:00 AM at the @WhiteHouse! MAGA🇺🇸
➡️ 
RT @DRUDGEREPORT: GREAT AGAIN:  +235000 
RT @foxandfriends: "Never give upthat's the worst thing you could do There's always a chance" -Kyle Coddington's message to those als…
Honored to meet this years @SenateYouth delegates w/ @VP Pence in the East Room of the @WhiteHouse Congratulations… 
'US Consumer Comfort Just Reached Its Highest Level in a Decade' ➡️ 
Despite what you hear in the press healthcare is coming along great We are talking to many groups and it will end in a beautiful picture!
Great news We are only just beginning Together we are going to MAGA!  
Met with @RepCummings today at the @WhiteHouse Great discussion!
LinkedIn Workforce Report: January and February were the strongest consecutive months for hiring since August and September 2015
On International Women's Day join me in honoring the critical role of women here in America &amp around the world
I have tremendous respect for women and the many roles they serve that are vital to the fabric of our society and our economy
I feel sure that my friend @RandPaul will come along with the new and great health care program because he knows Obamacare is a disaster!
Don't let the FAKE NEWS tell you that there is big infighting in the Trump Admin We are getting along great and getting major things done!
I am working on a new system where there will be competition in the Drug Industry Pricing for the American people will come way down!
Don't worry getting rid of state lines which will promote competition will be in phase 2 &amp 3 of healthcare rollout @foxandfriends
For eight years Russia "ran over" President Obama got stronger and stronger picked-off Crimea and added missiles Weak! @foxandfriends
Our wonderful new Healthcare Bill is now out for review and negotiation ObamaCare is a complete and total disaster - is imploding fast!
122 vicious prisoners released by the Obama Administration from Gitmo have returned to the battlefield Just another terrible decision!
Thank you to @exxonmobil for your $20 billion investment that is creating more than 45000 manufacturing &amp construction jobs in the USA!
Buy American &amp hire American are the principles at the core of my agenda which is: JOBS JOBS JOBS! Thank you @exxonmobil
There is an incredible spirit of optimism sweeping the country right now—we're bringing back the JOBS! 
45000 construction &amp manufacturing jobs in the US Gulf Coast region $20 billion investment We are already winning again America!
'President Trump Congratulates Exxon Mobil for Job-Creating Investment Program'

Thank you for the great rallies all across the country Tremendous support Make America Great Again!
Who was it that secretly said to Russian President "Tell Vladimir that after the election I'll have more flexibility?" @foxandfriends
Is it true the DNC would not allow the FBI access to check server or other equipment after learning it was hacked? Can that be possible?
Arnold Schwarzenegger isn't voluntarily leaving the Apprentice he was fired by his bad (pathetic) ratings not by me Sad end to great show
How low has President Obama gone to tapp my phones during the very sacred election process This is Nixon/Watergate Bad (or sick) guy!
I'd bet a good lawyer could make a great case out of the fact that President Obama was tapping my phones in October just prior to Election!
Is it legal for a sitting President to be "wire tapping" a race for president prior to an election? Turned down by court earlier A NEW LOW!
Just out: The same Russian Ambassador that met Jeff Sessions visited the Obama White House 22 times and 4 times last year alone
Terrible! Just found out that Obama had my "wires tapped" in Trump Tower just before the victory Nothing found This is McCarthyism!
The first meeting Jeff Sessions had with the Russian Amb was set up by the Obama Administration under education program for 100 Ambs
MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN! 
I hereby demand a second investigation after Schumer of Pelosi for her close ties to Russia and lying about it 
We must fix our education system for our kids to Make America Great Again Wonderful day at Saint Andrew in Orlando 
We should start an immediate investigation into @SenSchumer and his ties to Russia and Putin A total hypocrite! 
Weekly Address
Join me here:  
It is so pathetic that the Dems have still not approved my full Cabinet
Nick Adams new book Green Card Warrior is a must read The merit-based system is the way to go Canada Australia! @foxandfriends
is all of the illegal leaks of classified and other information It is a total "witch hunt!"
to win The Democrats are overplaying their hand They lost the election and now they have lost their grip on reality The real story
intentional This whole narrative is a way of saving face for Democrats losing an election that everyone thought they were supposed
Jeff Sessions is an honest man He did not say anything wrong He could have stated his response more accurately but it was clearly not
Since November 8th Election Day the Stock Market has posted $32 trillion in GAINS and consumer confidence is at a 15 year high Jobs!
THANK YOU!
JointSession MAGA🇺🇸

Join me live at 9:00 PM 
JointAddress  
I will be interviewed on @foxandfriends at 6:00 AM Enjoy!
GOP now viewed more favorably than Dems in Trump era (per NBC/WSJ poll) via @HotlineJosh:

Great meeting with CEOs of leading US health insurance companies who provide great healthcare to the American peo… 
Big dinner with Governors tonight at White House Much to be discussed including healthcare
Russia talk is FAKE NEWS put out by the Dems and played up by the media in order to mask the big election defeat and the illegal leaks!
For first time the failing @nytimes will take an ad (a bad one) to help save its failing reputation Try reporting accurately &amp fairly!
The race for DNC Chairman was of course totally "rigged" Bernie's guy like Bernie himself never had a chance Clinton demanded Perez!
Congratulations to Thomas Perez who has just been named Chairman of the DNC I could not be happier for him or for the Republican Party!
I will not be attending the White House Correspondents' Association Dinner this year Please wish everyone well and have a great evening!
Weekly Address from @WhiteHouse:  
Great optimism for future of US business AND JOBS with the DOW having an 11th straight record close Big tax &amp regulation cuts coming!
The media has not reported that the National Debt in my first month went down by $12 billion vs a $200 billion increase in Obama first mo
Maybe the millions of people who voted to MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN should have their own rally It would be the biggest of them all!
FAKE NEWS media knowingly doesn't tell the truth A great danger to our country The failing @nytimes has become a joke Likewise @CNN Sad!
Trump vows to fight 'epidemic' of human trafficking 

Going to CPAC!
find the leakers within the FBI itself Classified information is being given to media that could have a devastating effect on US FIND NOW
The FBI is totally unable to stop the national security "leakers" that have permeated our government for a long time They can't even
Big interview tonight by Henry Kravis at The Business Council of Washington Looking forward to it!
Seven people shot and killed yesterday in Chicago What is going on there - totally out of control Chicago needs help!
'S&ampP 500 Edges Higher After Trump Renews Jobs Pledge' 
Very much enjoyed my tour of the Smithsonian's National Museum of African American History and CultureA great job done by amazing people!
One thing I will say about Rep Keith Ellison in his fight to lead the DNC is that he was the one who predicted early that I would win!
The so-called angry crowds in home districts of some Republicans are actually in numerous cases planned out by liberal activists Sad!
'Americans overwhelmingly oppose sanctuary cities' 
Congratulations to our new National Security Advisor General HR McMaster Video:  
Just named General HR McMaster National Security Advisor
HAPPY PRESIDENTS DAY - MAKE AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!
Give the public a break - The FAKE NEWS media is trying to say that large scale immigration in Sweden is working out just beautifully NOT!
My statement as to what's happening in Sweden was in reference to a story that was broadcast on @FoxNews concerning immigrants &amp Sweden
Will be having many meetings this weekend at The Southern White House Big 5:00 PM speech in Melbourne Florida A lot to talk about!
Don't believe the main stream (fake news) mediaThe White House is running VERY WELL I inherited a MESS and am in the process of fixing it
Looking forward to the Florida rally tomorrow Big crowd expected!
"One of the most effective press conferences I've ever seen!" says Rush Limbaugh Many agreeYet FAKE MEDIA  calls it differently! Dishonest
The FAKE NEWS media (failing @nytimes @NBCNews @ABC @CBS @CNN) is not my enemy it is the enemy of the American People!
Join me at 11:00am:
Watch here:  
General Keith Kellogg who I have known for a long time is very much in play for NSA - as are three others
Thank you for all of the nice statements on the Press Conference yesterday Rush Limbaugh said one of greatest ever Fake media not happy!
Going to Charleston South Carolina in order to spend time with Boeing and talk jobs! Look forward to it
Despite the long delays by the Democrats in finally approving Dr Tom Price the repeal and replacement of ObamaCare is moving fast!
'Trump signs bill undoing Obama coal mining rule' 
The Democrats had to come up with a story as to why they lost the election and so badly (306) so they made up a story - RUSSIA Fake news!
FAKE NEWS media which makes up stories and "sources" is far more effective than the discredited Democrats - but they are fading fast!
The spotlight has finally been put on the low-life leakers! They will be caught!
Leaking and even illegal classified leaking has been a big problem in Washington for years Failing @nytimes (and others) must apologize!
Stock market hits new high with longest winning streak in decades Great level of confidence and optimism - even before tax plan rollout!
Venezuela should allow Leopoldo Lopez a political prisoner &amp husband of @liliantintori (just met w/ @marcorubio) o… 
Aetna CEO: Obamacare in 'Death Spiral' RepealAndReplace 

Join me in Florida this Saturday at 5pm for a rally at the Orlando-Melbourne International Airport!
Tickets:… 
Welcome to the United States @IsraeliPM Benjamin &amp Sara!
ICYMI🇺🇸🇮🇱Joint Press Conference: 
 
Great listening session with CEO's of the Retail Industry Leaders Association this morning! 
The real scandal here is that classified information is illegally given out by "intelligence" like candy Very un-American!
Crimea was TAKEN by Russia during the Obama Administration Was Obama too soft on Russia?
Thank you to Eli Lake of The Bloomberg View - "The NSA &amp FBIshould not interfere in our politicsand is" Very serious situation for USA
Information is being illegally given to the failing @nytimes &amp @washingtonpost by the intelligence community (NSA and FBI?)Just like Russia
This Russian connection non-sense is merely an attempt to cover-up the many mistakes made in Hillary Clinton's losing campaign
The fake news media is going crazy with their conspiracy theories and blind hatred @MSNBC &amp @CNN are unwatchable @foxandfriends is great!
